# Style Reference: Quentin Rowanoak and the Golden Mice: The Story of How a Wildlife Remediator Found Himself Out of His League
# Author: Purpleharp
# Platform: Royal Road
# Sampled: 10 of 39 chapters
# Word Count: ~15,824
# Scraped: 2026-03-20T16:24:34.197Z

--- [The Golden Mice] Prologue: Life changes quickly ---

“No, Ma’am, I am not a pest control technician, nor am I an exterminator. I’m a wildlife remediator. Yes, ma’am, that is a real job. Yes, ma’am, I know it sounds made up, but it isn’t. No ma’am…No ma’am. A pest control technician focuses on controlling and removing pest species. An exterminator is someone who kills unwanted creatures in the home. A remediator is someone who remedies the problem. You want an animal gone, the first two will help you out. You want the animal gone, and you want the reason the animal got into your home in the first place discovered and fixed? You want a remediator. Yes, ma’am, it does sound more expensive, and I’ll be honest, it normally is a bit pricier, but it means the problem does not return a year or two down the line, and you get to feel good knowing you hired someone to humanely deal with-“
Quentin was cut off by the click of the prospective client hanging up on him. With a sigh, he looked down at the baby raccoon in his hand and then back into the corner of the attic he had just pulled him from.
“You know, little one. You’re lucky these people have a conscience and are willing to pay a little more so they can feel better about themselves. Otherwise, it may not have been me here pulling you out and taking you to the Rehab.”
Shuffling slowly but confidently, Quentin made his way out of the attic corner and back onto the decking that acted as a floor for the center of the space. He gently placed the raccoon pup into his transport carrier with its siblings, then shut the door. With a satisfied sigh, he looked up at the bottom of the roof he had just finished patching that morning. It wasn’t a perfect job, but it would keep other critters out of the attic and prevent any further rain damage. The raccoons had ripped a hole in the roof large enough to fly a hover car through, and goodness knows how long it had been like that. Quentin estimated it had to have been at least a few months to a year, based on the water damage in the attic.
Stretching, he bent down to retrieve the transport carrier, his shifting weight causing the wood beneath him to release a long groan of complaint. Freezing, Quentin’s eyes grew wide as the complaining groan turned into a deafening CRACK! There was a moment of lightness, then gravity’s pull, a thump as he briefly caught himself on a beam, and then a jarring THUD. Blinking the dust out of his eyes, Quentin felt the cold cement floor beneath him and then looked up at the Quentin-sized hole in his client’s garage ceiling.This tale has been unlawfully obtained from Royal Road. If you discover it on Amazon, kindly report it.
“Well, shit.” He swore softly.

 
“Mr. Rowanoak?” the nurse practitioner said.
Quentin looked up from admiring his new full-leg cast. “Huh? Sorry, what was that?” 
“I asked if you had any questions?”“Oh, uh, no, no. You explained it pretty clearly. Compound fracture, lucky I landed how and where I did. Months of physical therapy, no more climbing through attics or scrambling on anyone’s roof,” he diligently repeated.
“That’s right. A few more inches to the left and you would have cracked your skull open, and for what?” the nurse huffed as she turned away from him, “To save a few baby raccoons?”
“Yes,” Quentin quietly confirmed to himself, “To save a few baby raccoons.”

 
“Look, Quentin, we’re glad you’re okay and that your insurance is covering everything, but we can’t halt your payments.” His banker said, “You signed the paperwork for the loan to start your own company. We agreed to help ya at a significantly lower rate than we normally would because your work is always reliable. But come on, man. You’ve got a busted leg, no employees, you’re nearly forty years old, and behind on your payments due to being unable to physically do your job. My hands are tied, and my boss has decided to cut you loose. They’re seizing the remaining assets and liquidating them.”

 
“Mr. Rowanoak?” the voice on the other end of the line said, “This is Captain Fulschet. Your company has been awarded the contract for our upcoming mission, and you have been assigned to Squad Alpha Three. You’re to report to the shuttle dock Oh-one-one-three tomorrow morning at oh-nine hundred hours, where you will be transferred off planet and aboard the D.R.A.G.O.N.S’ ship Pangur Bán. Any questions?”
Quentin hesitated for a second before replying, “I’m sorry, Captain, but are you sure you have the correct Rowanoak? The bank foreclosed on my company, and I’m currently stuck in a cast due to a work injury…”
“Yes, yes, I am quite aware of your current financial and physical hardships, but you will find that your financial debts are paid and your physical constraints do not significantly impact life aboard ship. Take the day to verify what I’m saying, but we’ll be expecting you tomorrow morning. Welcome to the Dragons.”
Quentin stared blankly at the screen in front of him long after the Captain had disconnected the call. Someone had made a serious mistake, and he was pretty sure it hadn’t been him.
“Well…” he said, “ Shit.”

--- [The Golden Mice] Chapter 1: Checking In ---

“Welcome to the Dragons, kid.” 
~ Unknown first contact specialist
Quentin didn’t know what twist of fate, or bounce of the dice, led him to this point. Hell, he didn’t even know if his being here counted as good luck or bad. All he knew was that someone had made a serious mistake. How did an ex-wildlife biologist nearing his forties end up getting assigned to the Dragons? 
Once more, just to be sure, Quentin checked his dossier to make sure it wasn’t a dream:

QUENTIN ROWANOAK 
ID NUMBER: #427770
SPECIALIST: WILDLIFE REMEDIATION | ECOLOGY
ASSIGNMENT: D.R.A.G.O.N.S SQUADRON ALPHA THREE
SPECIALIZED TRAINING: N/A

The blaring of klaxons knocked him out of his reverie and caused Quentin to hastily look about himself. Despite the transfer shuttle having dropped him off nearly half an hour ago, he had not moved from his spot at the bottom of the shuttle's ramp. A ramp that was now closing in preparation for liftoff. 
With a start, Quentin made his way to the side of the hangar. He had to dodge around the hangar crew who were busy loading and unloading supplies for the upcoming trip, but eventually he reached the far wall and safety. Only then did he take the time to seriously consider his surroundings.
Roughly the size of two football fields, the hangar bay was large enough to make Quentin feel small, but the constant stream of people and transport shuttles coming and going gave the space a claustrophobic atmosphere. The hustle and bustle of the hanger crew was like a weird smash-up of a professionally choreographed ballet and an upset ant hive. Heavy loaders bearing crates of supplies, skiffs ferrying people, and the constant roar of the transport shuttles created an overwhelming wave of stimuli. 
Wanting to escape the noise, Quentin found the nearest door out of the hangar and left through it, the sudden change in volume and pressure a relief to his ears. Only then did he notice his comms bracelet was lightly vibrating, and probably had been for some time. Flipping it open, Quentin was greeted by the annoyed tones of an upset administrator.
“No, I don’t know what is taking him so long, computers report he’s been on ship for over half an - aha, fucking finally! Specialist Rowanoak, where are you?”
“Uh, I just left the hangar bay…” Quentin replied uncertainly, “Is there somewhere else I should be?”
 
His statement was met by a long-suffering sigh. "Yes, Specialist Rowanoak. You were supposed to report to logistics upon arrival. Did you not read your reassignment missive?"
 
“Uhhhh-”
 
“Fine, look. Logistics is down hallway 32 B. Follow the blue line on the wall, and it'll take you there. Welcome to the Dragons." And with that, the administrator snapped the line shut, leaving Quentin standing alone in the hallway that did not have any blue on the walls. It did have a large A97 on it, though.
 
“Well, shit.” Quentin quietly said to himself before turning back towards the doorway leading into the hangar.
It took Quentin nearly ten minutes to find the correct doorway in the hangar to enter hallway 32B. It was then another fifteen minutes for him to hobble his way down the hallway, following the blue line, to the Logistics office. In that time, he was passed by two passenger skiffs (both partially filled) and one cargo loader.Stolen from its original source, this story is not meant to be on Amazon; report any sightings.
“You’d think they would see a guy in a cast, hobbling his way down the hallway and stop to offer a lift, but no. No lifts allowed.” Quentin muttered.
The hallway leading from the hangar wasn’t perfectly shiny. The floor was scuffed and scratched, marred by the passage of wheels, feet, treads, and… mice. Quentin did his best to ignore the signs, but a lifetime of looking for signs of wildlife in habitats was hard to shake off.
“Small scat, signs of urine marks hugging the walls. Definitely mice,” Quentin continued to mutter to no one else, “Why does no one ever talk about pest control issues on starships? You always read about rats on ships, and abandoning ship, but you never hear about those issues in modern day.”
“It’s because admitting mice infestations existing on starships makes the lightyears of travel seem less tempting,” a feminine voice interrupted his musings. Looking up, Quentin realized he had left the hangar far behind and had reached his destination. In fact, if not for the lady sitting in the window, he probably would have wandered right on past the Logistics office without realizing it.
“Uh, yeah, right.” Quentin brilliantly responded, mentally wincing, “Quentin Rowanoak, I was told to report to Logistics to check in?”
The woman in the window smiled at him, her eyes taking in his disheveled appearance. A slight frown crossed her features as she took in the leg cast.
“Did no one offer you a transport, Specialist Rowanoak?” She inquired, her voice… annoyed.
“No, Ma’am, each of the transports I saw was full and did not stop to offer a lift.”
“Noted. I’ll make sure the hangar crew leader is informed. They were informed of your condition and told to have someone meet you at the transport. Should I assume they had no one there to meet you, and that is why you are reporting in… over an hour late?”
“Yes, Ma’am, I mean, no ma’am, there was no one at the shuttle when I disembarked. I may have missed them, though; this is my first time aboard a starship, and I will admit I was a bit overwhelmed at first.”
“That is no excuse, Mr. Rowanoak. We have the hangar crew for a reason, and their failure to do their jobs is not something you can take the blame for.”
Quentin winced internally, his thoughts jumping to the organized chaos of the hangar. Great, I’m on the ship for an hour, and I’ve already found some way to get on the wrong side of the hangar crew. I really hope this doesn’t come back to bite me. He thought to himself.
“Oh, wait, I forgot. There was a young guy waiting for me at the ramp when I disembarked. I told him that I would find my own way, I wanted to have some time to investigate the current pest control situation aboard the ship.” Quentin improvised, trying to prevent any future unpleasantness with the hangar crew. Going by the look the administrator behind the window was giving him, he was pretty sure his attempt at diplomacy was unsuccessful.
The lady took a few notes on her computer before turning to make eye contact with him again. “Riiiiiiight, you completely forgot that you told the person who wasn’t there that you were good to find your way. While I appreciate your attempt not to get anyone in trouble, Mr. Rowanoak, whoever dropped the ball needs to take responsibility for it. Your being delayed for over an hour means the introductory training you were supposed to attend is already an hour in. Making you not only late for the introduction, but also leaving the instructor behind schedule because he delayed starting by half an hour in the hopes you could be found quickly. That half hour of delay may not seem like much, but it matters.”
Quentin listened as the administrator ranted for another five minutes about how the delay had inconvenienced everyone. He wasn’t sure if he should point out that her rant was now making him even later for this introductory class than he currently was, but he decided that would only add fuel to the fire. The lady was quite passionate about punctuality.
“…and that, Mr. Rowanoak, is why you should not take the blame for whoever on the hangar crew failed to meet you when you departed your shuttle.”
“Noted,” Quentin replied. At this point, he figured sticking to short responses would increase his chances of quickly getting away from the irate admin.
“Good, now that we have that taken care of, let’s get you properly checked in. You’ve been assigned a personal bunk room, number 42770. It is located on the aft-port side of the ship, near the engineering, hydroponics, and livestock holds. Despite being in one of the louder portions of the ship, you will find that your room is soundproofed and one of the quietest personal bunk rooms available. The location should also place you closest to those in need of your support the most.
Medical is unfortunately going to be a bit of a walk for you from your room. You’re expected to check in with them every three days to see how your leg is healing and conduct supervised physical therapy. I’ve uploaded the ship’s schematics to your wrist pad to help you find your way, and I’ve also flagged where the exercise rooms nearest your bunk are located, in case you wanted to pursue further physical therapy in your off time. Any questions?”
“No, Ma’am. Just point me to where I need to be, and I’ll head that way.”
This response seemed to please the lady. She gave him a small smile and a short nod of the head before a tone drew her attention to the station in front of her.
“Looks like they’ve updated your schedule to take the delay into account. You’re to report to medical to have your leg looked at, and then you’ll receive a condensed briefing on the introduction course. After that, you’ll be free to retire and recover from the trip.”
Quentin took the pause after her statement to check his wrist pad. Sure enough, it was now displaying a map of the ship, along with a route to Medical from his current location. With a sigh of relief, he looked back up at the administrator and gave her a confident smile.
“Excellent, I guess I’ll be on my way to Medical then.”
“I’ll let them know you’re on your way. Welcome aboard the Pangur Bán and welcome to the Dragons.”
It took Quentin another five minutes after he’d left Logistics to realize he'd never gotten the administrator's name. Shrugging, he put it out of his mind and focused on following the route his wrist pad was showing him. Curiously, he couldn’t help but notice that the further he moved from the aft of the ship, the fewer signs of the mouse infestation were visible. He made a mental note to check with… someone, about that. Once he knew who the heck he was supposed to be reporting to.

--- [The Golden Mice] Chapter 2: Another Universe ---

Quentin was ambivalent about doctors and health care. He appreciated the time and effort that went into getting a degree in the field, but medical professionals always seemed to be in a rush. The medical crew aboard the Pangur Ban was no different. They were methodical and polite, but their politeness was that of someone running late for an appointment who doesn't want to be rude when you ask them for directions.
"Mr. Rowanoak, your leg is healing quite well, and we should be able to have you back up and running on it again in the next month or two." The doctor in front of Quentin said. This was a pleasant surprise for Quentin.
"Are you sure about that, Doc? The center I was originally treated at said it would take about a year for someone my age."
"Yes, with the more advanced treatment methods we have here aboard ship, you should see a significant increase in your overall health and improvement. That being said, I'm assigning you to nothing but light duty until your leg is fully healed. Additionally, you are to check in for physical therapy and advanced osteoblast treatments every other day. Are you a morning person Mr. Rowanoak? I hope you are because your treatment regimen begins bright and early tomorrow morning at 0500."
Quintin blinked a bit at that. "Let me get this straight, my physical therapy appointment starts at five o'clock in the morning?"
"That's correct," the doctor nodded, "Life aboard ship operates on three shifts. Since it appears your duties will primarily happen during the ship's night cycle, the admins assigned you to your treatments after your shift. The osteoblast treatments can really take it out of you. A mandatory ten-hour rest period is prescribed after each dosage."
"Do I want to know why that is?" Quentin rhetorically asked. He already knew the answer; the doctor's back planetside had told him his different options after the original fall, but he hadn't been wealthy enough to afford the advanced care.
"Mr. Rowanoak, Quentin, we are going to be rapidly regrowing parts of your femur and tibia, making sure they realign correctly, and also making sure your muscles are attached properly. I've heard the entire process described once as feeling like crystals are growing under your skin. Some find the process unsettling. Others have found it quite painful. We don't know which you are, so during the treatment process, you will be resting for ten hours until the osteoblasts have completed their work."
"Thanks, Doc. Guess I'll go finish checking in," Quentin sighed, resigned to his fate. On the one hand, it was a blessing; it meant he would regain full mobility. On the other hand, it meant dealing with the treatment. Honestly, he wasn't sure if he preferred the slow way or the fast way better. Carefully standing up and giving the doctor's hand a shake, he made his way back out of the med bay and into the corridors.
As he slowly made his way back to his room, he felt a mix of wonder and trepidation. He still didn't know what he was doing aboard this ship; he'd honestly never thought he'd ever leave planetside. Here he was, though, aboard THE Pangur Ban, pride of the D.R.A.G.O.N.S. What the hell was he doing on an elite mercenary outfit's flagship? He'd heard of the D.R.A.G.O.N.S. You'd have to have lived under a rock to have never heard of them.
Founded by Setanta Luch nearly fifty years ago, the mercenary's name was an acronym for the sort of missions they took: Defense, Rescue, Assault, Ground, Orbital, Nautical, Space. Setanta figured it would help with the marketing if they had not just a fearsome name, but a practical one too. Over the decades, the DRAGONS had built a name for themselves, and now here Quentin was. Smack in the middle of whatever mission these elites were on, with no clue how they knew about him or why they decided to buy out his company and integrate him into their ranks.
Lost in thought, it took him a few minutes to realize he'd automatically followed the path his wristpad was showing him, and now he was standing in front of an unassuming doorway. Someone had taken the time to artistically paint a white mouse on the door, right above the room number. His room. Of course, it was his room. With another sigh and a shake of his head, he triggered the door to open and walked into his new room.
The first thing he noticed was the room's size. It was larger than he'd expected to be assigned, roughly fifteen feet by twenty. There was a bed and a desk along one wall and a workbench that looked like it had come out of someone's garage along another. A wide viewscreen took up another wall, currently displaying a map of the ship, but the fourth wall... that was what immediately drew his attention. The fourth wall was transparent with a door in it. On the other side of the wall was a miniature... the best he could describe it was a city. A miniature city.
"What the fuck....."
Quentin walked over to the glass wall and looked out at the miniature city on the other side. City wasn't quite the right word for it, but it was the closest thing his brain could come up with currently. The cityscape filled a space the size of his own room; structures of various shapes rose from the room's floor, ranging in height from three to eight feet. A circular grid of human-sized pathways separated each structure from its neighbors, and multicolored tubes connected the tops and sides of the structures. All in all, the riot of shapes and colors looked like someone gave a child an unlimited budget to build the world's largest hamster cage.
"I see you discovered Universe 135," A quiet male voice cut into his observations from the doorway. He hadn't even heard the door open. Turning to greet his visitor, Quentin stopped, uncertain if he should salute. Standing in the doorway is the quiet presence of a man wearing a captain's uniform. His presence fills the room, not in an overpowering manner, but with a calm assurance of competence. A smile flickers over the Captain's weather-lined face as he takes note of Quentin's hesitation.
"No need to stand on formality in your own bunkroom, Mr. Rowanoak. Should we ever meet outside of your bunkroom, then a salute is appropriate. You would have learned this at the orientation earlier today," the Captain says, his voice warm and comforting. "I've come to personally deliver your follow-up orientation, as both an apology for the hangar crew's oversight and to emphasize just how key your role on our team is."Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.
Quentin frowned in confusion. Him? He was key to an elite mercenary unit? How in the worlds did THAT make any sense? He opened his mouth to protest, or maybe ask for more information, but the Captain beat him to the punch.
"I can see your confusion, Mr. Rowanoak, and I assure you, your position is indeed a vital one. But before we get into that discussion, may I come in? I'd prefer not to stay standing in the doorway."
"Yes, yes! Gods, I'm sorry, Sir. Your being here startled me, please do come in!" Quentin left his spot by the observation wall and rushed over to pull out the desk chair and offer it to the Captain. With a bemused smile, the Captain accepted the seat and then gestured for Quentin to sit on his bed.
Sitting, Quentin couldn't help but follow up on his thoughts, "Sir, I appreciate your coming all the way down here to greet me, and if you say my presence here is vital, then I'll believe you. Goodness knows I saw plenty of signs of a mouse infestation aboard the ship today, but..." He trailed off for a moment and stared through the glass wall. "Sir, if you could explain what the hell is going on, it would be appreciated."
"Well, I don't have a large amount of time, but I'll see what I can do," the Captain responded. "To start, I'm sure you've heard of Setanta Luch, the founder of the Dragons."
Quentin nodded. Everyone had heard of at least one of the man's exploits.
"Good," the Captain continued, "Setanta was a superstitious man, Mr. Rowanoak. He refused to grow a beard, he kept his hair long, and he saw signs and omens in everything. He was also my father. My name is Fionn Luch, and for the last decade now, the third division of the Dragons has been mine to command. After my father's passing, I was promoted and given his flagship, the Pangur Ban, to be my own. While not as superstitious and traditional as my father, I still hold on to one of his beliefs. Do you know what our last name, Luch, means, Mr. Rowanoak?"
"Uh, not really, Sir. It's Irish, isn't it?" Quentin replied.
"Gaelic, but yes. It means mouse. My father's nickname was "an luch órga", the golden mouse. Some called him that for his hair; others called him that because everything he touched seemed to turn to gold. He claimed his success was due to following the wisdom of the mouse: be cautious but move decisively when needed. In secret, though, he told his family the real reason for his success. He claimed that the divinities gifted him a magical mouse, and as long as the mouse and its descendants prospered, then so shall he and his." The Captain gestured towards the observation wall and the mouse city beyond it, "Throughout his entire career, my father always carried a mouse with him, descended from that very first one he claimed to have been divinely gifted. When he built this ship, he had the shipwright construct a mouse paradise. So that no matter where he went, the line of Luch would always be with its good luck charm."
Quentin stared at the city on the other side of the wall, a sinking sensation filling his gut. He had a suspicion of why he was here now, and he couldn't decide how to feel about it.
"Sir, with all due respect, did you bring me here to be a glorified mousekeeper?"
"Yes," the Captain bluntly answered, "but that isn't all. Your predecessor was not as vigilant as I hope you will be; he was lazy and complacent. To my shame, he allowed the space to fall into disrepair and came to loathe his job. I do not know whether it was intentional on his part or an accident, but one day the mice found a way to leave their paradise and enter the ship proper. " The Captain's voice grew heated as he continued, "The fool's solution was to quietly trap the ship, killing the mice who left Universe 135. Over the last year, the Dragons have suffered loss after loss, death after death, and I will be quite honest with you, Mr. Rowanoak. I blame the killing of the mice."
Quentin stared at the quiet, yet fervent man before him and wondered if he was in the presence of a crazy person. Who the hell blames military defeats on the death of a few mice? What type of man keeps a mouse city on his ship? Quentin had heard of the Universe 25 experiments before. A mouse paradise filled with all of the food, water, and lack of predators a mouse could want. The only thing the Universe 25 experiment didn't provide was proper space for a growing population. It led to overcrowding, sadistic and ruthless tendencies in the mice, and eventually to the death of every mouse in the experiment. What sort of man would build a large version of that same experiment on his ship? Yes, it appeared that the mouse city in the other room was easily ten times the size of the original experiment, providing plenty of space at first, but if there was one thing mice did, it was breed. No matter how well you took care of them, the mouse population was bound to grow until it filled the space they lived in, leading to a repeat of the experiment's results.
"How long have these mice been living aboard the ship, Sir?" Quentin asked.
"Nearly thirty years," was the reply.
Quentin blinked, looked over at the mouse city, and then back at the Captain. "How many of the mice escaped, Sir? I'm not seeing many inside the space still."
"Fifty-three escaped; of those fifty, I believe your predecessor killed nearly half." That...that was a pretty exact count. It was also a lot lower than Quentin had expected.
"Only fifty-three? Surely there were hundreds, if not thousands, of mice in there. How are you so certain of that number?" Quentin asked. The Captain looked confused at first, his brows furrowing, but the confusion swiftly turned into understanding.
"Ah, I see your confusion," the Captain said, "The thing about these mice, Mr. Rowanoak, is that they do not breed like normal mice. They are exceptionally long-lived and have an abnormally long gestation period. Additionally, females do not give birth to litters; they produce only one or two babies per pregnancy. I can't explain it, but somehow the population always stays consistently around 135 mice. That is why my father named it Universe 135."
"That...that makes no sense," Quentin responded, his brain reeling, "That isn't how mice work. I could see the litter count lowering due to overcrowding, but there is no way 135 mice would consider that space crowded. What about inbreeding? Surely defects from inbreeding would have arisen by now after thirty years?"
The Captain shook his head in response. "I cannot explain the genetics of the situation; that is not my specialty. I can only repeat what my father told me. These mice are special, divinely gifted to him. Mr. Rowanoak, I believe him. I cannot explain how, but these mice are never sick. They are never born with deformities. They are all paragons of health. Their population is always 135. If you ever figure out why, please let me know."
"Huh," not the most elegant response, but it was all Quentin was capable of at the moment.
"Your job, Mr. Rowanoak, is indeed to be a glorified mousekeeper. I need you to find the remaining escaped mice and return them to Universe 135 unharmed. I know this must sound ridiculous to you, but I truly believe the fate of my units and my family is tied to those mice. So I'm not just hiring you to be a mousekeeper; I'm hiring you to be the caretaker of everything I hold dear. Can I trust you with that responsibility?"
Quentin stared at the Captain, his thoughts awhirl, but one thing was sure. He could do this. It's not like he had anything left back planetside.
"Yes, Sir. I can do this."

--- [The Golden Mice] Chapter 18: Slime Time ---

The containment cube exceeded Quentin’s wildest dreams about what the engineering crew could whip together in two hours. The aluminum exterior was polished to a mirrored shine. The corner joint welds shimmered like a rainbow koi's scales. While the team was unable to prepare a vacuum-sealed top, Darby did provide a fused quartz lid that the slime shouldn't be able to eat through or shift. The glass lid also let them keep an eye on the slime and see if it tried anything sneaky to get out. Overall, Quentin was blown away.
"This seriously only took your team two hours to make?" Quentin asked Darby, mouth nearly agape.
"Well, as I mentioned earlier to ya. When you're working on stopping something from causing your slow and painful death, it ignites a bit of a flame under your ass and gets ya ta working faster." A self-satisfied Darby replied. "Now, which room are we shifting it to? We already put what spare molybdenum we had in it, so you're all good to set it up wherever you think this slime of yours is going to be."
Quentin turned to the mouse happily sitting on his shoulder.
"Well, Shamrock? Where should we put it?"
The mouse gestured with a paw towards the doorway, then back towards the corridor. With a careful shrug towards Darby, Quentin raised a hand to his shoulder, allowing his passenger to hop aboard it before lowering him to the ground.
"Lead on, partner, this part of the hunt belongs to you."
With an excited squeak, the mouse darted off, and after a few seconds, he was quickly followed by Quentin and Darby. The trio left the workshop behind and turned down the corridor heading towards the ship's engine core. Quentin could hear the rest of Darby's team quietly cursing back in the workshop, probably trying to figure out the fastest way to follow them with the bulky cube he'd asked them to make.
A little over halfway down the corridor, Shamrock came to a halt and stood up on his rear paws, gesturing towards an access point in the wall. Quentin shot Darby a questioning look, the partially out-of-breath engineer stepping forward to examine the wall.
"Aye, this is the maintenance hatch to check on the structural integrity of the walls," Darby said, turning back towards Quentin. "Once you go through this access point, you'll find a series of maintenance tunnels that stretch the entirety of the ship. These crawlspaces serve as the primary routing for most of the ship's wiring and plumbing. Out of sight, out of mind, and all that. I'm not surprised your slime would take up residence in there."
Quentin stared down at the access hatch in the wall. It was barely three feet tall and two feet wide. The idea of running into a caustic slime big enough to completely fill that space while crawling through it on hands and knees was enough to make him shiver. He also immediately realized a slight problem at the tail end of that thought.
"Well, shit. There's no way we're making the containment cube fit in there... are we?"
"No," Darby replied thoughtfully, "No, we are not, but this may be even easier than your original plan."
"Oh?" Quentin asked, curious what the man was thinking.
"Aye, instead of getting the slime to climb up a ramp, eat away at plastic flooring, and then fall into the box, all we'll have to do is attach some emergency ductwork to this hatch, connect it to your slime box, and have some of the quartz gate valves rigged up to slam shut."
Frowning, Quentin looked between Darby and the access panel. "And how long is that going to take to rig up? There are two juvenile mice in there playing tag with the slime, trying to keep it from eating the ship around us. I'm not sure how much longer they'll be able to keep it up."
Shamrock, who'd been listening to the two men talk, gave a squeak. Quentin wasn't quite sure if Shamrock was agreeing with him or trying to reassure him that the two mice could keep at it for as long as they needed.
Scratching at his chin, Darby closed his eyes in thought.
"The gate valves will be the hardest part to rig up. Give us another two...three hours, and we should have something workable. It won't be pretty, but it'll work."
"That's still better than the two days I thought you were originally going to say," Quentin sighed. "Shamrock, you feel up to going in there again and letting the two know that we need only a few more hours?"
The mouse nodded at him, turned to stare at the access hatch, then back at Quentin.
"Oh, right. Darby, how do we open this hatch?"
Without a word, the engineer stepped forward and tapped a code into the hatchway's keys. With a soft hiss, the hatchway slid into the wall, revealing the tight crawlspace beyond. Shamrock stood on his hind paws, faced Quentin and Darby, then gave a salute before disappearing through the hatchway.
"Huh.... Not something I expected to see," Darby mused. "They do that often?"
"First time I've seen it," Quentin replied. "It took me weeks to get used to them nodding and shaking their heads. Honestly, at this point, I wouldn't be shocked to find out they have some form of sign language."
Darby grunted in agreement. Quentin could hear the rest of the engineering team guiding the containment cobe down the corridor, back the way they'd come. He wondered how they would react when they found out there was still more work to be done.

SHAMROCK

Engineer Darby was a smart human, Shamrock thought to himself as he hustled down the maintenance crawlspace. He'd have made a decent Mousekeep, but Shamrock liked the current Mousekeep better. It was a shame neither of them was born Luch, but that couldn't be helped.
Thinking of help, Shamrock wouldn't say no to some right now. He'd been in the crawlspaces for nearly two hours now, trying to find the twin alabaster mice unsuccessfully. The scent of the slime was strong, though, and Shamrock knew he had to be getting close. Additional signs of the slime's passage littered the path: scattered pools of fluid, partially chewed pieces of metal, sections of structural support missing from the walls, and everywhere that burning citrus smell.Unauthorized reproduction: this story has been taken without approval. Report sightings.
It was no surprise then when Shamrock found the slime before he found the twin mice. It was huge, easily big enough to fit fifty Luch inside, as the twins had said. The quivering mass of jelly-like fluid was currently sitting unmoving. It had engulfed a segmented piece of pipe, sealed at both ends, and appeared to be working on digesting it with little success. Shamrock suddenly got a worried, queasy feeling in his gut.
With a fierce battle cry, Shamrock dashed forward, teeth and claws bared to threaten the slime. It had no eyes or face, but that didn't prevent him from doing his best to tear at the thing. Ignoring the burning in his paws, Shamrock taunted the slime, attempting to draw it back down the crawlspace and away from the piece of pipe.
Much to his chagrin, the slime didn't react to his taunts. It continued to sit there. Motionless.
Hissing, Shamrock darted his eyes about the space. Surely there had to be something he could do to get the slime's attention? And then his eyes fell on a thick, black cable snaking its way through the walls of the crawlspace. Had he been less intelligent or even more desperate, Shamrock may have considered trying to chew through the electrical cable, consequences be damned, but he recalled seeing a sharp piece of partially digested metal back down the crawlspace.
Turning, he scampered back to the metal fragment he remembered. It was pitted and corroded, covered in sharp, jagged edges. It was perfect for his plan. Carefully snatching it up in his mouth, Shamrock made sure not to get any slime residue on himself and returned to the electrical cable and the slime. Carefully, he wedged the sharp metal between the wall and the cable, then leaned into the cable and pushed it over the edge of the metal. Determindedly, with frequent glances over his shoulder to make sure the slime hadn't reacted to him, Shamrock sawed away at the cable, always keeping the plastic wrapping of the conduit between himself and the sharp metal. An unknown amount of time later, his efforts were met with a POP! and the scent of ozone as the metal finally bit through the protective coverings and into the live wire of the cable.
This next part was going to hurt. Shamrock knew it, but if the two juveniles were in the pipe section as he suspected, it would be worth it. Firming his resolve, Shamrock ran back over to the slime, stuck his front paws into it, and grabbed as much of the sticky fluid as he could. Instantly, his paws started burning, his fur withering, and when he withdrew them from the body of the slime, a long strand of the slime came with, continuing to chew into him.
With a cry of pain, Shamrock threw himself back towards the electrical wire and the sharp piece of metal. Whimpering, he scraped the slime off his burned paws and onto the partially digested metal. Once his paws were clean, and he confirmed the strand of slime still stretched back to the main body, he threw his weight into the side of the cable. With a satisfying POP!, the crawlspace was suddenly filled with the scent of burning rubber. The slime was spasming, the narrow strand connecting the main body to the live wire. The violent motion of the slime's thrashing threw Shamrock off the cable and back to the floor of the crawlspace.
Satisfied with his work, Shamrock lay there panting, watching the slime writhe. And then the narrow strand snapped, and the body of the slime froze.
Uh oh. Shamrock had just enough time to think, and then the slime was flowing towards him.

QUENTIN

Quentin paced anxiously outside the access hatchway. Shamrock had been gone for nearly three hours now. Darby and his crew finished up the modifications to the trap over an hour ago, and still, there was no sign of the brave little Luch. Quentin was starting to get worried that something had gone wrong. To distract himself, Quentin looked over the modified trap once more, admiring all of the changes Darby and his team had swiftly cobbled together.
The team had welded a wide piece of ductwork over the access hatch, forming a tunnel that now led into the containment cube. Where the ductwork and the cube met, a nearly perfect seal had been made. The'd left just enough of a gap so that a piece of glass could be slid up and across the mouth of the ductwork tunnel, sealing it off. On the opposite wall from where the ductwork tube connected to the cube, they'd cut a small access hatch just large enough for a trio of large mice to fit through at once. The hope was that the mice would come running out of the hatchway, lead the slime down the ductwork tunnel, and into the cube. Quentin and Darby could then seal it off with the glass gates, blocking the slime from returning down the ductwork. In theory it should work...
Quentin's worried examination was cut short by the sight of a bedraggled and burned Shamrock falling into the ductwork tunnel from the access hatch. The mouse looked tired and hurt, his breath coming inshort pants. Blearily, he looked around himself in confusion, taking in the tube he was now in.
"Shamrock!" Quentin blurted out in horror, staring at his small friend. "Shamrock, keep going down the tunnel! We have an exit for you at the end. Go! Go!"
The mouse looked up, seeing Quentin through the glass ceiling of the cube. On shaking legs, he stood and limped down the tunnel, away from the access hatch and towards the cube. Just in time, too, the frontrunner pseudopods of the slime began pouring out of the access hatch and into the ductwork tunnel, swiftly pursuing the beat-up mouse.
Quentin hissed in unpleasant surprise at the sharp, acrid odor that suddenly filled the corridor. The slime was the color of lime jello, and specks glittered inside of it whenever they caught the light. Running across the surface of the slime were angry black marks in a lightning strike pattern. The black burn marks seemed to be slowing the slime's movements, preventing it from constricting itself or pouring fluidly forward. Additionally, the slime completely filled the ductwork tunnel; it had to be over 100 gallons in size.
What followed was one of the most agonizing moments in Quentin's life as he helplessly watched Shamrock lead the slime down the tunnel and into the cube. It was a good thing Darby was there, because the engineer had the presence of mind to shut the glass gate behind the slime, preventing it from escaping back into the maintenance tunnels of the ship. Shamrock, for his part, did his best to stay ahead of the slime one painful step at a time. Unfortunately, his best wasn't enough.
Exiting the ductwork and entering the cube, Shamrock tripped and fell, sprawling into the cube and fetching up against the small pile of molybdenum bars in the center. The slime hesitated, sensing its quarry was finally trapped, but also leery of the sudden source of food in front of it. While the slime hadn't shown any signs of sentience yet, there was still enough of some thought to give it pause.
Throwing himself on the ground outside the cube, Quentin shoved his arm into the exit hole they'd left in the cube for the mice. He could barely get up to his elbow into the hole, but that didn't stop him from trying to force his arm in further.
"Shamrock, come on, man. You're nearly out. Just get up and over the metal and to my hand. Just get to my hand, and I'll get you out. Come on!" Quentin shouted, desperately praying to whatever would listen for the mouse to reach him. He cursed his desensitized sense of touch. How was he supposed to know when the mouse was in his hand? He could barely feel the cold metal of the aluminum cube; the slight weight of the mouse would be less than a brush of air on his skin for him.
"Shamrock, come on. Get to my hand, don't give up yet. You're nearly out!"
Was that the mouse? Pulling his arm out, he checked his hand. Empty. With a cry, he thrust his arm back into the cube. A sharp pain bit deep into the meat of his thumb, and with a cry of hope, he drew his hand out. Attached to his thumb by his teeth was one very exhausted, burnt, and unconscious mouse. Crying, Quentin carefully wrapped his fist protectively around the mouse, slamming the glass gate down into position with his other hand and trapping the slime in the cube.

--- [The Golden Mice] Chapter 19: Aftermath ---

Quentin paced outside the door to the medical suite. He'd left Shamrock with the Doc less than an hour ago and had yet to hear anything about how the brave mouse was doing. He knew there were other things he should be doing: checking on the slime, looking for the two juvenile mice that were still missing, informing the Captain about what was going on... but none of that mattered currently, next to the status of his hunting partner.
"Quent!" A voice called to him. He knew he should be paying attention to it, but he couldn’t; his mind was elsewhere.
"Quent!" There it was again, the voice calling to him.
"Specialist Rowanoak! Snap out of it." That got his attention. Slowly, he looked up from the path he'd been pacing. Laura stood with her arms crossed only a few feet away, her face a mixture of concern and annoyance. Her left arm was encased in a splint, but that didn't stop her fingers from tapping at her other arm. "Specialist Rowanoak, if you don't snap out of this funk and respond properly, I will be forced to call the Captain."
"Sorry, Laura-" he cut himself off at a raised eyebrow from her, "Uh, Logistics Officer..." Quentin wracked his brain for Laura's last name. Surely she'd shared it with him at some point?
"Knox," she stated patiently.
"Sorry, Logistics Officer Knox, my brain was elsewhere," Quentin stated formally.
Laura nodded in understanding. "It is easy to understand your concern, but you have to let the medics do their job and focus on doing your own. They have a specialist on staff to help with the Luch whenever one is injured, and she will take care of Shamrock. You have other things you should be doing right now."
"I know," Quentin replied half-heartedly.
"Quent, when you were injured during the raid, do you think I paced outside of your door and fretted about your condition?"
Quentin thought back to the blurry memories he had of the time immediately after the attack. He thought he recalled her checking on him at least once.
"No?" He hesitantly guessed.
"No. I checked in on you once a day; the rest of the time, I did my job and trusted the medical team to do theirs. Nurse Specialist Luch knows what she is doing, as does Doctor Jazayeri."
Quentin made a mental note to remember that the Doc's last name was Jazayeri. There was no reason he couldn't learn people's names, especially those of people he interacted with frequently. With a deep breath, he let his worry go.
"You're right, Laura, thank you. I needed that." He said, making eye contact with Laura.
She smiled at him, a look of compassion and understanding on her face.
"You're welcome," she said. "Had you been the type to ignore Shamrock's condition and focus on the slime, I don't think you and the Luch would get along nearly half as well as you do."
Smiling ruefully, Quentin couldn't help but agree.
"True, but I can't let myself get thrown off. If you'll pardon me, I need to call the Captain and inform him of the slime's status."
"Understood. You're dismissed, Specialist Rowanoak," Laura said with a grin. "Now go do your job."
Quentin stepped away from Laura and the Medical suite, turning to make his way back towards Engineering, Darby, and the slime. As he walked, he called up Captain Luch's contact information.
"This is Luch," the Captain answered the call.If you come across this story on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen from Royal Road. Please report it.
"Captain, this is Specialist Rowanoak with an update for you, Sir."
"Took you long enough, Specialist Rowanoak. Engineer Darby updated me on the situation nearly an hour ago."
"Yes, Sir. I want to apologize for that, Sir. Shamrock, one of the Luch who was helping me locate the slime, was injured in the process of capturing it. I escorted him to medical and forgot myself for a bit, Sir."
"That is understandable, but make sure it doesn't happen again. I should not be receiving updates about your job duties from other members of the crew unless you are indisposed."
"Understood, Sir. It won't happen again." Quentin affirmed.
"Good. Now that the unpleasantness is out of the way. Give me your update. Darby did a thorough job, but he isn't a specialist like you are."
Quentin took a deep breath and then began his report.
"The slime was successfully captured, Sir. The credit for the capture belongs to Shamrock and Ship's Engineer Darby. Shamrock located the slime in the walls and successfully lured it into the containment cube that Engineer Darby and his team created. We were able to verify that the slime did indeed come aboard during the raider's boarding action. Based on the raider ship's status, we believe the slime was used as an experimental disposal method for waste products and escaped containment. It then went on to consume the majority of their tools and radiation shielding, which may have led the raiders to attempt to hit such a dangerous target as the Pangur Ban. They were desperate, Sir."
"And what are your plans for the slime now, Specialist Rowanoak?" The Captain inquired, causing Quentin's brain to stumble to a halt. To be honest, he hadn't thought about what to do with the slime after capturing it. He figured one step at a time.
"To be honest, Sir? I hadn't thought that far ahead. I was more focused on removing the danger to the crew and figured we could decide what to do with it once it was safely contained. Looking at the situation now, I see two potential options, Sir. Either we space it, or we attempt to succeed where the raiders failed. As far as I am able to determine from my research, this is a previously undocumented species of slime, and I would be loath to destroy it."
"Could we keep it contained until we reach Montana Two? The primary life forms there are slimes. We could release it somewhere far away from the Royal Road's colony."
"I'd be hesitant to introduce an external species of slime to a new planet, Sir. It could fit right into place like it was born there, or it could very easily become an invasive force of destruction." Quentin shrugged his shoulders reflexively. "We just don't know."
"You're not leaving me with many options here, Quentin," the Captain sighed. "Spacing the thing is sounding more and more like the correct option."
"I understand, Sir." Quentin resignedly agreed.
"One moment, Specialist Rowanoak. I am receiving a call from Darby. I'm patching him in." There was a short pause, and then the Captain's voice returned. "Engineer Darby, this is Captain Luch. I have you on a patched call with Specialist Rowanoak. What can we do for you?"
"Aye, Sir. Understood. I'm calling to let ya know that Bridget has finished her analysis of the slime. She believes it to be a metamorphosed Ularian Green."
Quentin cut in, "A Ularian Green? But they're non-caustic and primarily go for plastics."
"Aye. That's why she thinks something caused this slime to metamorphose. Slimes have been recorded bonding with elemental agents in the past and taking on the characteristics of that element. Bridget believes the raiders fed it something that caused an elemental bond, resulting in the drastic changes. Whatever it is, Sir, Bridget is requesting we keep it on ice until we are able to return home and have it properly studied."
Rubbing his chin thoughtfully, Quentin mused out loud. "You know, if it is an Ularian Green that could explain its behaviour. They are known for being fairly shy and docile, going out of their way to avoid humans. Some people even keep them as pets."
"Would freezing it work?" The Captain asked.
"Unless the elemental bonding has caused additional changes we are not aware of yet, yes. Freezing the slime should work. Ularian Greens are commonly transported frozen when someone cares to take the time to ship them anywhere."
"Do it then," the Captain decided. "If it is able to be frozen and placed in stasis, then you have my permission to keep it onboard. If the cryogenics don't work, then I want it spaced. Understood?"
"Yes, Sir," both Quentin and Darby said at the same time.
"Good, make it so." The Captain disconnected from the call, leaving Darby and Quentin on the line.
"Darby," Quentin said, "I'm only a few minutes away from your workshop. Wanna meet me there, and we can figure out the logistics of how we're gonna do this?"
"Aye, sounds like a plan. See you there. It'll be a craic of a time."
"A what of a ti-" Quentin started to ask, before cutting himself off. Ahead of him, in the center of the corridor, sat two mice. The two were smaller than the rest of the Luch he had seen before, but that wasn't the surprising thing about them. Where all of the other Luch had chestnut fur with some form of colored spots or speckles. These Luch were alabaster white, with lavender speckles throughout their fur and deep-violet eyes. Additionally, they were perfect twins.
"Well, hello there," Quentin said.

--- [The Golden Mice] Chapter 20: Conclusion ---

The mice watched Quentin, unmoving, their deep-violet eyes burning into his own. Honestly, Quentin found the entire experience unnerving in a way he hadn't experienced in nearly a month. In his time with the Luch, Quentin had grown accustomed to the way the mice acted, with their human mannerisms, the nodding and shaking of their heads, and the way they stared intently at you, like you had their entire focus and nothing else mattered. When these two did it, though... yup, unnerving was definitely the word that came to Quentin's mind.
"Hello, young Luch, are you the two Shamrock found in Engineering? The pair who had been fighting the slime and preventing it from further damaging the ship?"
Yes.
The single word, unexpected and unbidden, arose in Quentin's mind. The two mice continued to stare at him, unblinking and unmoving.
"Oh, uh, telepaths. That's uh, that's unexpected." In the time since his very first interaction with Coal, none of the mice had shown any signs of psychic powers, and he'd come to write off that first incident as a fluke. Now... now he wasn't so sure if it was a fluke or if the Luch were hiding their abilities. Either way, that was a matter for another time.
"Is there something I can do for the two of you?" He asked the pair of Luch in front of him.
Yes. The elder, how is he?
"Shamrock is with the medics currently. He got burned up pretty bad by the slime, but they expect he's going to be fine. He may have some scarring, though, and some of his fur may not regrow."
The mouse on the left flinched, almost imperceptibly. The one on the right finally broke eye contact with Quentin and turned to stare at it. A few seconds later, it returned its gaze to Quentin.
We are glad he will heal and sorry to hear about the damage he received. He is a brave Luch, and he rescued us. My brother made a tactical error, and the slime had us trapped. Had the one you call, Shamrock, not helped us when he did, I am not sure how long we would have survived.
Quentin blinked. He'd known something drastic had to have happened for Shamrock to have been burned like he was, but he'd thought maybe the mouse had been ambushed by the slime. This sounded like it was the other way around, that he'd deliberately attacked the slime to distract it from the younger Luch.
"I am glad he was able to arrive in time to assist you. He and I had actually been looking for the pair of you when we discovered the slime's existence."
The mouse on the left, which Quentin assumed was the brother who'd blundered, tilted its head slightly.
Why were you looking for us?
"After what, Specialist Norman, I believe you all called him the Big Dig Box, did to the Luch the Captain had him imprisoned. When he brought me aboard, he assigned me the task of finding the remaining Luch who had left Universe 135 and making sure they were safe and accounted for."
We are safe, now, and accounted for. 
"Well, uh, that's good," Quentin stammered, a bit taken aback by the blunt tone of the mouse. If he listened really hard, he was starting to think he could hear a difference in the two mental voices.
Yes.
"Would the two of you like to come back to Universe 135?"
No.
Our duty is to guard the ship's heart and to ensure that it keeps running. We will continue to do this.
"You two wish to stay in the Engineering department?"
Yes.The story has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.
Quentin was starting to get the distinct impression that the shorter, terse-worded mouse was the brother, and there was something about the other that made him suspect it to be a sister.
"Is there anything else I can do to help you two? Any assistance I can provide?" He asked.
No. Now that the... slime, is removed, we can return to what we were doing. Should we need anything, we will contact you or the Colony.
"The Colony?" Quentin asked in confusion. What did the colony ship have to do with this?
The Colony is what you call Universe 135.
"Oh! That makes sense. Right. We are currently on a mission to escort a colony ship of settlers to a new planet, so I thought you were referring to them."
No.
That one was definitely the brother, and Quentin got the distinct impression that he did not like Quentin for some reason.
"Right, well, if there is anything I can do to be of use to the pair of you, please do not hesitate to let me know. My room is right down the corridor from you."
We know.
And on that unsettling note, the two mice turned and vanished down the corridor.
"Well, that was something new." Quentin quietly mused to himself, watching the two mice. "I'm going to call those two Romuleia and Remus."
His musings were interrupted by a beep from his wristpad. Glancing down, he saw he had a new message.

*** Assignment Complete - Commendation added to Dossier by Captain Luch ***
*** Assignment Complete - Commendation added to Dossier by Captain Luch***
 
QUENTIN ROWANOAK 
ID NUMBER: #427770
SPECIALIST: WILDLIFE REMEDIATION | ECOLOGY
ASSIGNMENT: D.R.A.G.O.N.S SQUADRON ALPHA THREE
SPECIALIZED TRAINING: Glorified MousekeeperMEDICAL NOTE: HypoesthesiaCOMMENDATIONS: Ship's Defense, Luch Located, Slime Contained

Calling up the new commendations, Quentin was pleased to see the ship acknowledging his unexpected contact with the last two mice and the completion of the slime hunt.

COMMENDATION: Luch Located
Recognition that Specialist Rowanoak has completed his assignment from Captain Luch to locate all of the remaining mice outside of Universe 135. A one-time pay bonus has been accreddited. 
Mice Returned or Located | 14 / 14- Shamrock - Currently in Medical- Ruby - Located in the Livestock Quarters- Saphirre - Located in Hydroponics- Topaz - Located in Hydroponics- Diamond - Located in Hydroponics- Silver - Returned to Universe 135- Jeff - Adopted by the Hangar Crew- Flour- Returned to Universe 135- Athos (Pup #1) - Returned to Universe 135- Porthos (Pup #2) - Returned to Universe 135- Aramis (Pup #3) - Returned to Universe 135- Nurse Luch - Adopted by Medical- Romuleia - Located in Engineering- Remus - Located in Engineering

 

COMMENDATION: Slime Contained
Recognition that Specialist Rowanoak has completed his assignment from Captain Luch to locate and contain the threat of a caustic slime aboard the Pangur Ban. A one-time pay bonus has been accreddited. 

Feeling a sense of accomplishment, Quentin closed the window and took a deep breath. Had you told him a month ago that he would find himself aboard one of the most elite mercenary ships in the human fleet, caring for a colony of sentient (possibly psychic) mice, repelling raiders, having his leg healed, and capturing slimes? He would have believed only the part about capturing slimes. It was odd how swiftly you could adapt to life-changing events. Suddenly, falling through that ceiling seemed like one of the best things that had ever happened to him.
"Attention all crew, this is the Captain," an announcement interrupted Quentin's thoughts. "Now that our little slime problem has been resolved, we will be making our way to the jump point to Montana Two. Please make sure all non-essential personnel and items are secured. We will be jumping in three hours. That is all."
Quentin hadn't realized they'd been waiting for him to deal with the slime problem to jump, but it made sense. No one wanted to find out what would happen if the slime had damaged the ship's core mid-jump. With a shiver, he resumed walking back to his bunkroom. He had a job to do and mice to check on. He wasn't quite sure what was expected of him when it came to securing Universe 135 for jump, but he was excited to find out.

--- [Planet of the Slimes] Chapter Thirteen: Pest Control ---

"A pest control technician focuses on controlling and removing pest species."
 
There was a problem aboard the Royal Road colony ship, and Quentin was just the right person to remedy it. His first stop, with John's help, was to deliver Ramirez to the storage bay where they were placing all those afflicted by the sickness. Of all of the colony ship's crew, only one doctor and two nurses were unaffected by the sickness. The doctor, a known germaphobe, had avoided being bitten by the fleas due to a strict anti-flea regimen he had implemented when they became a problem aboard the ship. The two nurses had just gotten lucky.
Quentin and John set the still seizing Ramirez down on the deck. It was disturbing to look across the bay and just see an ocean of writhing, seizing bodies with a few helpers walking amongst it. Ensured by one of the helpers that Ramirez would be taken care of, Quentin made his way through the bodies to where the medical staff was clustered in discussion.
"Uh, excuse me. Doc?" He called out as he got closer to the trio. "Could I snag a moment of your time?"
The trio turned to face him. The doctor was wearing full-length scrubs, gloves, and booties. A slightly befuddled and terrified look had taken permanent residence upon his face as he anxiously glanced around the storage bay. The two nurses, a man and a woman, gave off an air of quiet but concerned competence.
"Who are you and what do you want?" The Doctor demanded, his tone caught between annoyed and hopeful.
"Specialist Quentin Rowanoak, Dragons Squadron Alpha Three off the Pangur Ban. My pilot was struck down by the same sickness, and until I can find someone else to pilot me to the Pangur Ban, I'm stuck here with y'all. Luckily, I have a lead on the situation for ya."
The Doctor's brows furrowed as he frowned at Quentin, but the hopeful tone in his voice had grown.
"Oh, and what would that be?"
"The fleas are the vector. I haven't had a chance to really study one yet, but trust me on this. That's where you're going to want to look."
The Doctor nodded and shared a look with the two nurses.
"We've been discussing something to that degree. All of the patients we've examined have shown signs of flea bites and rashes. But until we get more testing done, we can't be sure what exactly this is."
"That makes sense," Quentin replied, "but I'll still be doing my best to kill them off and prevent any further cases of whatever this is. Some form of typhoid, you think?"
The female nurse spoke up; the nametag on her scrubs read 'Guy'. "We don't know what it is. It could be some form of typhoid, or it could be a completely new disease we've never seen before that came up here from the planet. That's the issue, we just don't know."The narrative has been taken without permission. Report any sightings.
The male nurse next to her, whose nametag read 'Chick' nodded in agreement. "The amazing thing is the low fatality count. Something that can attack the nervous system and cause seizures should show signs of brain inflammation, damage to the central nervous system, lumps, or bruises. Instead, it's like there is just nothing other than the rashes, which are just regular flea rashes as far as we can tell."
"Additionally," the Doctor cut in, "with something like this, we should be seeing fatalities among the elderly and very young. We're just not. It's like everyone's muscles decided to go into an extreme form of fasciculation or myoclonus all at the same time."
"The same time?" Quentin asked. There was something there, but what was it?
Chick double-checked something on his wrist pad, then nodded.
"Everyone was incapacitated within a five-minute window of each other and there have been no new cases since the original outbreak."
"Motherfucker!" Quentin quietly swore to himself, his eyes roaming around the bay. "Doc, this isn't a disease. It's an attack. Someone infected the crews, most likely via the fleas, with some sort of nanobot plague. They wanted people incapacitated but not dead."
The Doctor winced and cast a look towards his two nurses, whose faces had gone horrified. Quentin stared at him, a growing suspicion forming in his gut.
"You knew," he accused the Doctor. "You knew this wasn't a disease; it wasn't viral."
With a sigh, the Doctor nodded. 
"I knew. I had hoped I was wrong, but the signs kept pointing that way. Someone is planning on doing something, and they don't want anyone to interfere."
"Councilman Brooks. He has to be in on it. He was the reason the fleas were never dealt with. I had explained how to do it, a mixture of limonene or linalool, mixed into the ship's ventilation system. It would give the entire ship a bit of a citrus or floral scent, but I'm sure no one would have complained. Instead, Brooks blocked it, stating the danger to the colonists was too high."
"That would be Smithurdson who supported him in that argument," the Doctor said. "He claimed, correctly, that oxidized limonene and linalool are common allergens. We could have been looking at rashes, lung infections, and potential death if anyone on the crew proved to be highly allergic to them. I disagreed at the time; we could have started it in low doses and monitored the crew for adverse side effects before ramping it up. I was outvoted."
"Well, Doc," Quentin said, a sideways smile on his lips. "Looks like we're about to find out the hard way if anyone on the crew is allergic. If the fleas are how they're spreading the attack, then we need to kill the fleas."
He turned to John, who had been standing nearby listening. 
"John, is there any citrus still on board? Preferably an herb garden, or orchard in hydroponics?"
John thought for a moment, there was a slight twitch from Quentin's breast pocket, and the Doctor spoke up. 
"No need, steam distillation would be too slow and not provide enough. Luckily for you, I've been stockpiling Limonene ever since you first put forward your recommendation. I use it in my offices to prevent the fleas from coming in."
"Doc," Quentin said with a big grin, "I could kiss you right now."
"Please don't." He quickly replied, backing away.
"Okay, so we get the limonene from the Doc's office, bring it back here to spray the patients, and then we figure out what these assholes are up to that they don't want anyone knowing about."
Quentin turned away without another word and started walking back towards the entrance to the storage bay. After a quick word with the Doc, John rushed to catch up, but Quentin didn't notice. His whole focus was on getting these fleas dealt with so he could get back to the Pangur Ban. Then, he would get Shamrock to Nurse Luch, and he would bring his accusations about Councilman Brooks to the Captain.

--- [Planet of the Slimes] Chapter Fourteen: Exterminator ---

"An exterminator is someone who kills unwanted creatures in the home."
"John," Quentin said, "how many people are currently still awake on the Royal Road? I didn't want to ask earlier, but now I kind of need to know."
John sucked at his teeth awkwardly for a moment, doing some fast calculations in his head.
"If I had to guess? I'd say around fifty people are left. Most of them are in dedicated positions that prevent them from leaving for extended periods, or are in parts of the ship that people rarely visit."
"Only fifty?" Quentin asked with a low whistle. "How is this ship even still flying?"
John gave a tired chuckle.
"Cause it's only been half an hour since the attack hit us. Things haven't had a chance to devolve further, and Flight Controller Mori is doing a surprisingly good job at keeping everything flowing."
"Well, give Mori a promotion," Quentin said, only partly joking. "As for us, I've honestly been walking, but I just realized I have no clue where I'm going."
That one got a laugh out of John as he gestured in the direction they were already going.
"And here I thought you had some sort of special Dragon map of the ship showing where everyone's offices are. You're heading the right way; his office is a ways down this corridor, and medical should be a little past that, on the left."
"Glad to hear I walked off in the right direction. Do you also know where to find the ventilation system in Engineering?"
Once again, John paused in thought before hesitantly nodding.
"Yeah, I know where engineering is located. It shouldn't be too hard to find the ventilation system from there...right?"
Quentin shrugged, "We'll just have to give it a shot, and if we can't find it, we'll just have to pester Mori."
As the pair walked to the Doc's office, Quentin took a moment to carefully pull Shamrock out of his pocket and check on the mouse. He had to open up the Vac Suit to do it, but now that an easy source of Limonene was on hand, he wasn't as worried about the fleas biting him. Shamrock was still breathing steadily and appeared to have moved into a deep sleep rather than a seizure. Every now and then, the mouse's leg would twitch, but it was nowhere near as bad as it used to be, for which Quentin was grateful.
"Is that one of the mice?" John asked in surprise when he finally noticed what Quentin was holding.
"Yup," Quentin confirmed, "This little guy is Shamrock. I can honestly say he is one of the bravest mice I know."
John gave Quentin a bit of an odd look. "Do you know many mice?"
"Interestingly enough, I know a lot more now than I did even four months ago," Quentin replied with a chuckle.
"Oh, I guess that makes sense, what with you being the mouse guy and all. We hear rumors about the mice over here on the colony ship, but no one really knows much. They say the mice are aliens. Is that true?"Support creative writers by reading their stories on Royal Road, not stolen versions.
Quentin blinked a bit at that.
"You know, John, I've never actually thought about it like that. To me, they've just always been intelligent mice. They are clearly sentient, and I've even met a pair who could talk, but I've never thought of them as aliens."
"Mice that can talk?" John exclaimed in disbelief, looking down at Shamrock. "Is he one of them?"
"Yes and No. Shamrock here can't speak directly, but he has a system of buttons on the ship we use to communicate. When off the ship, we have papers with words on them that he can use instead."
"The mouse can read?"
"I don't think it's reading so much as he memorizes which piece of paper means what thing. He kept trying to warn me that there was danger in the colony. At first, I thought he was talking about the storms and the slimes, but I'm starting to think he meant whoever was planning this attack."
"Is it true they can read your mind?" John asked curiously.
Quentin felt a flicker of disquiet. He'd never been able to verify that one, so how had word of it reached the Royal Road?
"Not that I know of... where'd you hear that one?"
"Oh, people say a whole bunch of stuff about them," John stated. "They're one of the most common things people over here on the colony ship like to gossip about. It started right before we entered jump space. Someone heard a story about one of the mice taking out an entire group of raiders during the attack that occurred right before jump, and the rumors just kinda started spreading from there. One person started talking about them being psychic, able to read your mind, and knock you unconscious with a thought. Another talked about how they'd heard they were secretly aliens, or some sort of illegal animal testing program to make super scouts for the Dragons."
"Well... I can't confirm any of that stuff, unfortunately," Quentin said. "I don't know where they come from. Most of the time, they act like big mice, just running around in their enclosure, being mice. It's only rarely that they communicate. During the time in the jump, Shamrock was the only one who went out of his way to communicate with me, and most of that was begging for treats. The little guy is VERY food motivated."
"They don't sound very scary..." John mused, looking down at the limp mouse in Quentin's hand.
Quentin made a note to figure out who had been spreading all of the rumors aboard the ship about the Luch. He had a sneaking suspicion they would trace back to a certain Council member.
"Oh, hey, I think we're here." Quentin said, cutting off the conversation about the mice as they reached a door marked, "Doctor Jacob Zhuren".
Toggling the door to open, the pair were met with the strong order of limes as they stepped through the entryway. Taking a deep breath, Quentin sighed in appreciation at the citrus smell. Looking around, he found himself in a tidy waiting room that was completely empty of people. Next to him, John began to itch at his hair.
"You alright over there, John?" Quentin asked, giving the farmer a little side-eye.
"Yeah, man, it's weird. We stepped in here, and after a few moments, it was like something in my hair started wiggling around."
Quentin nodded in appreciation.
"That would be the fleas. You probably have been carrying a few around with you this entire time and just didn't know it. Limonene is extremely toxic for them; it attacks their exoskeletons and central nervous systems, making them melt. They go into a bit of a twitchy little dance of death when it touches them. It's a shame the stuff is equally as toxic for cats and some dogs. If it weren't, you could just bathe them in the stuff and have your flea problems solved almost instantly."
John shivered and frantically shook his head for a few seconds, as though trying to shake off all of the dying fleas. After a moment, he stopped and gave Quentin an embarrassed look.
"So uh, let's find the canisters of this stuff. Doc Zhuren said it would be in his supply closet off the waiting room."
Looking around the office space, Quentin quickly located the smaller diffusers attached to the vents the Doctor was using to keep his office clean, but it was John who made the real discovery. Opening one of the doors leading out of the waiting room, he found the storage closet the Doc had mentioned. Inside were four large canisters, each marked with a hand-painted lemon.
"Bingo," Quentin said.

--- [Planet of the Slimes] Chapter Fifteen: Remediator ---

"A remediator is someone who remedies the problem."
Quentin and John each took only one of the surprisingly heavy canisters from the supply closet. Neither was looking forward to carrying the heavy things all the way down to Engineering, but that's what they ended up having to do. Even with his new exercise routine and physical defense classes with Dav, the canister was heavy! He kept hoping they would stumble across an unused transport of some sort they could commandeer, but in this, his luck failed him.
The panting pair eventually reached Engineering after coming across just one other person who wasn’t affected by the flea-borne attack. Stepping through the doorway, they were met by a scene of quiet chaos as two engineering technicians did everything they could to handle a ship usually being serviced by a few hundred. They managed to get one of them to slow down long enough to point them to the ventilation system before the engineer was off once more to respond to some kind of beeping alarm on the other side of the room. John and Quentin shared a look, then swiftly made their way over to the large industrial system that recycled all of the air aboard the Royal Road.
Staring at the machinery, Quentin realized he had no idea how to go about loading the Limonene into the blowers. It wasn't like there was a giant clip-on dispenser he could just pour it into. Or was there? He wandered around the blowers, glad not to be carrying the weight of the canister, looking for some sort of dispenser unit. Nope, there wasn't one. At least not that he could see. Completing his loop, he returned to John, who shared a lost look with Quentin.
"Well, shit. I guess we're going to have to go grab one of those engineers to show us how to load this stuff." Quentin sighed.
Getting one of the engineers to stop long enough to show them the correct intake valve took far, far longer than Quentin would have liked. In the end, it took having to threaten them with John physically restraining them to get one to come over long enough to point out an intake on the blower system. After they let the engineer get back to running around frantically, Quentin looked over at John.
"Are you a little surprised at how easy that was?"
"What do you mean?"
"Well, if this is an attack, and we were attackers, that guy would have just told us how to poison the whole ship and not even thought a second time about it. Their operational security really sucks."
"Oh...." John's eyes grew wide, and he looked down at the canisters. "Are we about to poison the ship?"
"Yes, but not for humans. We're going to make this one hell of a toxic living space for the fleas." Quentin said with a grin. "Now come on, these two cansiters should work for now, but we'll have to bring the others down here too at some point."
Careful not to waste a drop of the precious, lime-scented fluid, the pair poured both canisters into the intake that the engineer had shown them.
"How long do you think it is going to take to work?" John asked, looking at the blowers.
"Shouldn't be too long," Quentin said, "I'd assume it should start here in Engineering and then begin working its way out through the ship from there. We should start smelling the results any minute now."
Looking about the engineering bay, Quentin's eyes landed on some familiar mesh, and he had a thought.
"You know what John, I'm going to test out a theory. Head on back and grab those other canisters. Look around here first though, they should have some sort of transport you can use."Unauthorized content usage: if you discover this narrative on Amazon, report the violation.
John nodded in acceptance, hustling off to do as told. With a glance towards the two engineers, Quentin made his way over to the workbench with the fine metal mesh screen rolled up and stored beneath it. Taking the roll of mesh out from under the bench and examining it, he was pleased to see it was similar to the hardware cloth he was familiar with, though it looked more like it was made for heavy-duty screen doors.
Curious about what else the bench may contain, he poked around, finding a pair of metal snips and some aluminum duct tape.
"Perfect," He grinned.
He started by cutting two circles the size of a dinner plate out of the metal mesh, ignoring the sharp edges that cut his skin. He then carefully bent the frames into two bowls and placed one on top of the other, inverted, forming a ball. Using the aluminum duct tape, he secured the two halves together on one side, leaving a hinge that would still allow him to open and close the ball. From there, he began the laborious task of covering every inch of the ball, both inside and out, in multiple layers of aluminum duct tape, with a mesh layer between each layer. He didn't stop until the roll of tape was completely empty.
Quentin eyed the end product of his efforts, a shiny metal ball covered in crinkles. It was about the size of a softball, or a large grapefruit. His warped reflection stared back at him from the surface. With a deep breath, he took Shamrock out of his pocket and placed the mouse inside the ball. Saying a small prayer, once again to whoever was listening, he closed the ball and waited.
Nothing happened. He'd been hoping the mouse would immediately wake up and start scratching at the ball, or maybe start squeaking indignantly, but that didn't happen. With a sigh, Quentin opened the ball back up, and a tiny furry missile shot out of it and disappeared into the clutter of the engineering bay. Quentin just stared in shock at the now empty ball, well, mostly empty. A single mouse turd sat in the bottom of the bowl.
Quentin howled in laughter, the stress and tension of the situation finally breaking. A sense of relief and joy flooded through his veins, and with a gleeful shout, he tossed the ball aside and dropped to his knees.
"Shamrock! It's me buddy. You're safe and okay."
No response.
"Shamrock," Quentin crawled closer to where he last saw the mouse, "Shamrock, it's me. Quentin, The Mousekeep."
The mouse slowly peeked out from under the machinery he was hiding beneath. His nose quivered in the air, wrinkling in distaste. With a single fluid motion, he ran across to Quentin and nipped him on the thumb, before throwing himself on top of the human's hand in what could only be called a hug.
Sitting back, Quentin held the mouse close, tears of relief slowly falling down his face.
"I'm sorry I put you in the dark, I'm sure that was a scary way to wake up after what happened to you, but it was the only thing I could think of to get you back."
Casting about, he grabbed the ball and brought it close to show the mouse.
"It was the fleas, someone infected them with some sort of nanobot plague or something. All I could think to try was to put you in a Faraday cage and see if that disrupted the signal. I didn't think it would completely cure you, I thought you might have to stay inside the ball until we could find the source of the signal and turn it off."
The little mouse shook himself and then scampered into Quentin's breast pocket. He swiftly returned, clutching his bundle of papers.
Slowly, the mouse sorted through them and then arranged them on Quentin's hand.
"Bad. Dig Box. Mousekeep. Danger. Luch. Hide."
Blinking, that took Quentin a moment to understand.
"Bad mousekeep, Specialist Norman? He's in the brig on the Pangur Ban how could he be involved in this?"
The mouse quickly rearranged the papers; they now read, "Colony. Danger. Flea."
"The danger from the colony was involved with the fleas?"
Shamrock nodded.
Quentin growled at this confirmation of what he had guessed.
"Alright, buddy, let's head back up to the Doc, and I'll fill you in on what you missed along the way." Quentin raised his hand to his pocket, and Shamrock hopped in. It felt good to feel him moving in there again, not just being dead weight.
With a renewed sense of purpose, Quentin set off to head back to the storage bay. It was time to see if his Faraday remedy worked on a human.

--- [Planet of the Slimes] Chapter Sixteen:  The First Two ---

"You want an animal gone, the first two will help you out."

SPLINTER

The bulwark was holding, but he wasn't sure how long that would last. The mouse known as 'Splinter' watched the indicators on their side of Universe 135 with concern. The bad mousekeep, the Exterminator, was back. He was trying to get in, and he wanted to finish what he started.
"How goes the evacuation?" Splinter asked the mouse known as 'Flour'. "Are the young out?"
She nodded in confirmation, "All sixteen of the young have been evacuated and are safe. The elders are currently evacuating, we expect it to take them another eight minutes for all of them to make it to the clear."
Splinter hissed quietly to himself in frustration. He was glad the young were safe and that most of the elders would make it out, but he suspected the Exterminator would have made it in by the time they had all evacuated.
"See if you can find the Twins. They were last seen in engineering. I'll see about holding off the Exterminator."
"I'll have one of the other adults look for them. You and I are going to deal with this together. "
"And who will care for the three young if you fall?"
"The colony will."
Splinter hesitated; he didn't want to see the triplets orphaned, but at the same time, she was the next most competent fighter in the colony. Finally, he made up his mind.
"Agreed. Find someone to get the Twins. You and I will hold off the Exterminator. When you are ready, find me by the hatch and we'll go out together to delay him."
He watched as she scurried off, his mate, he'd die for her and their triplets if it came to that. He would prefer it not come to that, though.
Turning, Splinter melted into the shadows of Universe 135, moving amongst the buildings of the Luch. Thanks to the Luch known as 'Shamrock', they’d been able to avoid being struck by the same sickness that had afflicted the humans. The message had reached them with enough warning that they were able to keep the Colony free of fleas and prevent anyone from being bitten. He just hoped the Twins had also received the message.
Like a shadow, Splinter flowed from building to building until he'd reached the bulwark's Luch-sized hatch. Going out through the hatch would be a risk, but a calculated one. The Exterminator knew the hatch existed, but he'd never seen it used during his stint as mousekeep. Hopefully, that meant he didn't know where it was located, giving Splinter and Flour enough time to exit and close it before he could access it.
Flour joined him at the hatch only a few moments after he reached it. Her dusty white spots glowed softly in the light, a sight he would never get tired of seeing.
"Are you ready?" She asked, eyeballing him with a mousey grin. Despite the situation, she still kept her sense of humor. Yet another thing he loved about her.Stolen novel; please report.
"Always, you should know that." He responded with a wink and a flirtatious flick of his tail.
Her laughter spread throughout the Colony, a soft tinkling that brought shivers to the roots of his fur.
"Maybe later," she said, brushing suggestively against him. "For now, let's do what we can to delay the Exterminator."
"Let's," Splinter agreed, his eyes turning serious and focused. "I'll go out first, once I'm clear and have his attention, I'll let you know, and you can exit and close the hatch."
"Sounds like a plan. Let's bite this Dig Box."
With a final grin, Splinter turned and opened the hatch. The small hole, only the size of a human's pinky finger, irised open with a barely audible hiss. Without any hesitation, Splinter dashed out through the hole and into the Mousekeep's home.
The Exterminator was crouched over the bulwark's control box, angrily muttering to himself as he tried to force the controls open. He was unaware of Splinter's harsh gaze settling on him.
Go now, he is distracted. He sent to Flour as he quietly approached the human from behind. A few seconds later, he could hear Flour exiting the hatch and closing it behind them.
On silent paws, the two Luch approached their enemy. As they neared within a foot of his hunched form, they split, one going left and the other right. With a lightness born of practice, the Splinter made his way up the human's slipper and onto his pant leg. He debated for a moment on whether he should go up the inside of the pant leg or the outside, but decided the longer they could go without the Exterminator being aware of their presence, the better. Outside of the pant leg it was.
The pair continued their slow climb, one paw at a time. As they neared the man's back, Splinter received a sending from Flour.
I'm going to wait here and go for his genitals. Tell me when you're ready.
Understood. He replied.
Splinter moved to the inside of the man's shirt, working his way carefully up and being sure no part of his fur touched the man's skin. He wasn't sure what it was that caught the Exterminator's attention, but Splinter was about halfway up the shirt when he froze and spoke.
"I feel ya, ya little alien mouse bastard." He said.
Like a shot, Splinter gave up on stealth and rocketed up the shirt. As the Exterminator reached for his chest, Spliter dove out of the neckline and latched onto the man's neck.
Go, go go!  He sent to Flour, hoping she'd already started moving.
With a shout of pain, the man reached up to grab Splinter off his neck, but the mouse was already gone. He'd released his hold on the man's neck and jumped off his shoulder, teeth bared as he flew through the air. With a satisfying crunch, his incisors bit into and through the man's ear. Locking his jaws, Splinter began kicking and clawing for all his worth, his sharpened claws ripping the ex-mousekeep's ear to ragged pieces.
The angry shouts had now turned to shouts of pain as Specialist Norman grabbed Splinter in his fist, tearing him from his ear, taking over half of it with him. The man glared down at the little mouse, who was frantically biting at his hand. He then slowly squeezed, crushing the breath out of the tiny creature.
Whatever you're going to do... Now's the time! Splinter thought frantically to his partner just as the man froze. A horrible expression took over his face, and with a scream, he dropped to his knees, legs squeezing tight together. Splinter easily slipped from the man's suddenly loose grip and resumed his attack on the man's face, this time going for the eyes.
Well done, love! He sent in joy.
I am never doing that again. It was FOUL in there. He's got me trapped between his legs. Can you get him to release me?
Stimied by the peril his partner was in, Splinter doubled his attack on the man's face. His incisors tore into the bridge of Exterminator's nose, his back paws kicking hard for the man's right eye. His efforts were met by another scream, and something heavy plowed into his body. He felt something in his jaw give way under the force of the blow, and then he was flying through the air.