# Style Reference: Second Rate Necromancer
# Author: M. T. Trinh
# Platform: Royal Road
# Sampled: 10 of 24 chapters
# Word Count: ~16,589
# Scraped: 2026-03-20T16:23:11.205Z

--- Chapter 1: Death, I Suppose ---

Orion never feared the world’s end.
He feared his inevitable survival.
“Tarmak, even I wouldn’t presume you to be so rash as to challenge me here in the divine realm,” the hero of light spoke with a measured rhythm, completely sure of every word. But there was an element of farce to it, like a seasoned actor quietly playing his role.
“Silence, human! The Seven Lords offer you nothing, even in the temple of the gods themselves; they have forsaken you!” The King of Hell growled in response, each step landing with an earth-shattering roar. His figure stood nearly ten feet tall, clad in pitch-black armor, with leathery, tattered wings sprouting from the grotesque creature's back. A set of curled, black horns, forging the likeness of an intricate crown, formed from the top of his head. In his hand, the demon wielded a blade forged from pure flames, extending from a blackened hilt, dripping with raw, uncontrollable chaos.
The sky rippled with a rending power, as if it would tear apart from the mere presence of the two beings standing beneath it. Lights shimmered across the landscape. Vibrant reds against a divine, brilliant glow, dancing across the horizon in a deadly choreography—threatening to shatter the fabric of reality.
Of course, for the hero Orion, he didn’t much care if the world itself were torn asunder.
Tarmak swung his sword.
[Soulfire Release]
A crescent-shaped blade of fire tore through the air with deadly precision. It let forth a bone-chilling scream as it flew, as if the souls that the demon had once taken with that very attack were still tethered to the flames.
Orion scoffed, quietly, but just loud enough for the King of Hell to hear. He held up a single palm. The crescent flame broke against the armored hand, followed closely by a heart-wrenching shriek as the souls held within broke free. The fire continued onwards, crashing into one of the massive marble pillars of the divine temple behind the hero. A short moment passed, and it seemed as though Tarmak’s attack had simply failed.
In an instant, the hulking cylinder of stone disintegrated, like a dry leaf crumbling to dust, firing a plume of smoke high into the air. 
When the smoke cleared, it was as if the pillar had never even existed in the first place. Stone fragments began to crumble from the structure, aching from the impact of the devastating attack. Still, Orion barely blinked, glancing down toward his palm, noting that his armor had barely suffered a scratch. He gripped the hilt of his blade from behind his back. This is it, isn't it? He thought, hints of a sad smile forming at the corner of his lips.
“That’s not all, Orion!” Tarmak roared, wielding his weapon with two massive, war-torn hands.
[Vanquished Souls]
The temple's open center was illuminated by several massive beams of light, each one bordered with the same flames that Tarmak wielded.
The divine realm began to rumble, as if the earth upon which Orion stood were uprooted from where it lay. 
From the skill's wake came a horde of towering Demon Lords, each one standing almost as tall as the King of Hell himself. Muscled creatures with sets of black, twisting horns atop their heads. Red-skinned and every bit as evil as their ruler. A single Demon Lord could likely take down an entire kingdom completely on its own. 
“You never learn, do you?” Orion laughed despite himself, knowing that he was only moments away from his final wish. 
To die. 
“You—” Tarmak began, but his sentence barely had the chance to form. His hands betrayed his resolve, shaking at the sight before him.
With a single movement, all twelve of the summoned Demon Lords slowly began to crumple, each of their heads severed cleanly. Tarmak shifted, eyeing the hero dangerously, his gaze flashing an emotion that no being aside from Orion had ever seen grace the mighty King of the Underworld's expression.
Fear.If you encounter this story on Amazon, note that it's taken without permission from the author. Report it.
“You see, Tarmak, it matters not whether you challenge me here, in the realm of the gods, or in the world of mortals. Even in your own domain, you could not hope to defeat me.” Orion chuckled, resheathing his powerful, glowing greatsword behind his back once more. He brushed at his shoulder guard, wiping away a speck of dust that had managed to dirty his immaculate, glistening white armor. “You’re correct, the Seven Lords wouldn’t dare to offer me assistance, even against the likes of you; they fear me after all. In fact, I suppose that their goal is for you to kill me here and now, allowing them to swoop in during my final moments to vanquish the evil at the last second, right, Valtherion?” Orion glanced casually behind his shoulder, and even though his divinity passives couldn’t quite break the concealment skill of the fifth lord, he grinned cockily as he felt the air shimmer in surprise behind him. 
“Why would the gods fear the likes of you, human?!” Tarmak roared, gripping his blade and preparing for another attack. 
“You should know better than to ask such a foolish question, King of Hell.” Orion’s voice dropped low, challenging, then tilted upwards in jest as he addressed the demon by his title. “But fear not, you and the Seven Lords will get exactly what you wish for.”
This time, Tarmak could barely respond, tilting his chin curiously. He shook his head, then unleashed another torrent of blows. "Your arrogance knows no limit, Orion!"
Orion allowed his face to contort into one of fear, a foreign expression for the hero, but one he knew to emulate from the countless creatures and monsters he had slain in his time. Each of the flaming strikes bounced harmlessly against his armor, but he grimaced all the same, allowing Tarmak to believe he had the upper hand. 
“No prophecy could’ve predicted this, I’d wager,” Orion whispered solemnly. He smiled, an aching expression that held more emotion than any mortal could hope to understand, then activated his most precious skill. 
[Primordial Authority]
The world came to a near halt, although the hero could still sense the slight movement of his foe, inching desperately across space. 
Orion stepped forward, drawing his massive greatsword, feeling the weight of his weapon for what he knew would be the very last time. It was a legendary blade, forged in the heart of the dragon's rift. Despite its mythic stature, he felt little connection to the weapon, for he knew that even a basic wooden training sword would prove just as lethal in his grip. He knelt, simultaneously addressing himself and the mighty demon before him. “Since the day I was born into this world, you have been destined to be my enemy, Tarmak. Is it not a shame? To what end do you seek the destruction of this world? Why is it that the gods hate you and your kind so much? What drives you to feel such hatred?” Orion shifted his body, allowing the tip of Tarmak’s blade to center directly above the hero’s heart. He lifted a hand, activating a skill and tearing a small hole through his armor, knowing that Tarmak’s weapon alone would be unable to pierce it. He deactivated all of his numerous durability buffing skills, as well as stowing away each of his protective trinkets, rings, and other items in his inventory. 
"And why, demon, is it that you come to face me, again and again, although you’ve never succeeded, not even once? Does it not tire you to spend your near-immortal lifespan bashing your head into the same rigid stone, over and over again?" Orion continued to contemplate aloud. “Is it simply our fate? To be enemies, rivals, opposing forces of the natural order… until the day we perish?” He sighed, knowing that he would never find the answer. “That should be good enough… hopefully I haven’t underestimated your strength,” Orion chuckled softly to himself, knowing that Tarmak would be unable to hear him under the effects of his skill. Finally, the hero of light raised his blade, laying its tip gently against the chestplate of the demon before him. He closed his eyes, slowly driving the legendary greatsword forward, then deactivated Primordial Authority.
It had been a great deal of time since Orion had last felt true pain.
The squelch as the two weapons slid into their respective enemies' flesh was sickening; however, Orion barely registered the sound as he closed his eyes, grimacing, not from pain, but rather to make the entire incident more believable to those he knew were secretly in attendance. He didn’t quite understand why he even cared. After all, he planned to die that day. Still, it seemed wrong to leave this world with an act that essentially amounted to suicide.
Not that I care what this world thinks of me.
“Impossible! You saw through my attack?” He gasped, dropping his hand from the hilt of his blade, now embedded deep into Tarmak’s chest. He felt the blood dripping from his wound, a stark reminder that despite it all, Orion was nothing more than a simple human. 
The demon’s face twisted, either in confusion or pain, even perhaps both simultaneously. His eyes darted back and forth, flitting between the blade embedded within him and, surprisingly, at the blade now embedded within the hero. 
“What is the meaning of this?!” A voice cried out, and Orion immediately recognized it as that of the fifth lord, Valtherion. I knew you were watching, bastard. “Ahem,” the god coughed, attempting to hide his shock. “Hero, it seems I am too late,” he stated with a practiced melancholy.
Way to lay it on thick, Orion scoffed mentally.
“Worry not, it is too late for me now,” The hero bit back the urge to burst into laughter. “Carry on without me, but let it be known that I, Orion, hero of light, sacrificed myself to vanquish the demon Tarmak!”
“Of course, hero,” Valtherion mocked, barely hiding his sarcasm.
“What… Is… This…?” Tarmak questioned slowly, gasping for air as he took his final breaths.
Orion shrugged, locking eyes with the King of Hell. “Death, I suppose.”

--- Chapter 2: The Third Necromancer ---

Ansel proceeded cautiously, slowly taking in the damp, cellar-like dungeon he and his party had entered. Surrounding the boy were seemingly endless walls of aged stone brick, fitted together with an unnatural precision. One that hardly matched the decrepit nature of the tomb itself. Led only by dim torchlight against the tomb’s walls, Ansel mentally noted the route they took as he and his party forged their way onwards, even though he knew there was no way to escape a zone dungeon without first clearing the boss. If they got lost, however, perhaps the young adventurer could at least assist in retracing their steps. 
It’s not like he would’ve been much use in combat after all. 
Ansel had picked up the habit only after a chilling tale from his father, in which the adventurer had gone into a maze-like dungeon, gotten lost, and spent almost seven days trapped with his party, much to Ansel’s mother’s disappointment. His father had always wanted to be an adventurer. Delving into dungeons, slaying monsters and beasts by the hundreds, reaping treasures beyond imagination, and above it all, teaching his son how to follow in his footsteps. However, before Ansel had even turned thirteen and been bestowed his class, his father passed, spending his last moments within a dungeon far beyond what he was equipped to handle.
The boy glanced up, startled by a pack of orcs. They were large, humanoid, and brutish monsters that now stood in the hallway before the party, blocking them from pushing forward. Each one wielded some sort of blade, sharpened into a unique, triangular formation on one side of the blade's tip. They were clad in basic iron armour, although Ansel knew that the pitiful dagger he carried couldn’t hope to pierce even that.
All was still for a moment, then the orc in front raised his weapon and charged forward, letting loose a chilling battle cry.
“Focus, Ansel! If you can’t even manage to use your skills to assist us, then move!” The older boy yelled, shoving Ansel to the side and knocking him out of his trance. He brandished the tip of his spear, and with one swift motion, he thrusted the weapon forward, impaling it deep into the sternum of the orc before them.
“Sorry, Thane!” Ansel squeaked, gripping the tiny dagger in his hands and shuffling away from the ensuing battle. The leader of the party, gifted with the Dragon Lancer class, twirled his weapon with expert precision, slaying two more orcs, smoothly severing limbs and tearing apart green, grotesque, and rotting flesh.
Ansel swung his gaze around wildly, checking for any orcs who may have slipped through the cracks. It was only an E-Rank dungeon, the lowest in existence, at least, as far as the fledgling necromancer could tell, yet still, he was essentially worthless. If only you were around to teach me, Dad, he thought to himself sadly, remembering the man whose smile brought a sense of comfort that no other could hope to replicate. It had been only a year since his father’s death, just a few days before Ansel’s thirteenth birthday, and the memory was still fresh in his mind.
“Take it easy, Ansel. It’s only an E-Rank. Maybe you could try activating one of your class skills again?” Luna, the archer of the party, comforted with a warm smile, drawing back her bowstring and letting a barrage of arrows loose, each one landing square into an orc’s chest.
“It’s no use,” the young boy responded dejectedly, but he reluctantly raised his arms, allowing them to hover cautiously above the body of an orc. He closed his eyes, channeling the mana he knew lay dormant in his body. He thought of the one skill he had managed to put a skill token into, the Raise Undead class skill, and waited.
And waited.
“Ugh! This is useless—”
A splatter of blood interrupted him mid-speech.
“Maybe try resurrecting an actual corpse next time, Ansel,” Malik laughed, the final member of the four-member party, winking as he did. His medium-length, obsidian dagger slid out from the orc’s neck, dripping blood onto the stone floor below. The orc’s fist, mere inches away from slamming into Ansel’s head, fell to the ground unceremoniously as the monster breathed its final breaths.
“Thanks,” Ansel muttered, shaking his head. The bastard wasn’t even dead. Not that it mattered much. Even when he had tried to activate his skill on actual corpses, he never managed to truly succeed. Once, about a week ago, he did manage to resurrect the skeleton of a small goblin; however, it crumpled into a pile of bones about five seconds later, drawing a torrent of laughter from the assassin class adventurer who had just saved him.
The pack of orcs was quickly dispatched, and the small party of adventurers continued onwards, killing several other packs of orcs along the way. 
“Level four yet, buddy?” Malik questioned, half sarcastically. He knew that since Ansel didn’t directly participate in any kills, his Exp gains were greatly diminished.
“No,” the young boy mumbled in response.
“You’ll get there,” Luna comforted, staring daggers at Malik.
Thane, the de facto leader of the party, Silverstride, held up a hand, silencing the other three members. “This is it.”
The hallway that they had been traveling through came to an end, and before the party was an unassuming wooden door. Hardly fitting for a boss room, but Ansel knew to trust Thane’s instincts when it came to dungeoning. The older boy was much more experienced than the rest, and he was also easily the strongest of the four, having recently reached level twelve. Malik and Luna were levels seven and nine, respectively.
Without another word, Thane pushed the door open with a heavy creaking sound, and the four members of Silverstride entered.The tale has been taken without authorization; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.
[You have entered the Tomb of Kortak, the Orc Champion]
It was a huge, square-shaped room, each corner held up by a massive stone pillar. At its center was an ornate, golden casket, the top of which was slowly being lifted off, revealing a gnarled, green hand reaching out. Slowly, the Orc Champion, nearly seven feet tall, revealed himself, standing up and shaking his head, as if he had just woken from a long nap.
“Who dares to enter my tomb and interrupt my slumber?!” Kortak roared.
“Shouldn’t a tomb have, you know, dead people?” Malik questioned.
Ansel shrugged in response, eyeing the dangerous creature. Kortak lifted his weapon, a terrifying war axe, nearly twice the length of a full-grown man. The Orc Champion wore a suit of shining golden armor, and above his head was a circlet forged from bone, the centerpiece taking the shape of a skull. Two sharp tusks poked out from the Orc’s mouth, while his muscular frame bulged outwards against his tight armor.
“Malik, right flank, wait for an opportunity,” Thane commanded swiftly, shifting into a fighting stance, his spear poised dangerously behind his back. “Luna, hang back and keep a lookout for any chances to hit his weak points. Eyes, joints, anything to put him off balance.”
“Got it,” they responded in tandem, quickly moving to follow Thane’s orders. Even though Ansel had only been adventuring with the party for a month or two, it still impressed him to see them in action. 
“And you,” Thane added, almost an afterthought. “Try not to die.”
With that, the older boy charged forward, letting his spear clash against the humongous war axe the Orc Champion wielded.
“Right, don’t die,” Ansel sighed, drawing his dagger and stepping backward into the shadows, drifting closer to Luna in the backlines. 
Thane and Kortak clashed for a few moments, and even though the massive orc should’ve been slow and cumbersome with all the extra weight and heavy armor cladding his form, the monster was almost as fast as Thane himself. The leader of Silverstride grit his teeth, digging his feet into the ground as he countered blow after blow from the Orc Champion.
This is the boss of an E-Rank dungeon, the weakest of them all… how exactly am I supposed to contend with something like this? Ansel questioned hopelessly. Even if the boy were capable of summoning a few skeletons to fight for him, he still wouldn’t be able to defeat something like the Orc Champion.
“Now, Luna!” Thane shouted, ducking low and sliding between the confused orc’s legs. Three arrows shot out, one landing directly into Kortak’s left eye, drawing a howl of pain and anger, while the others bounced off his armor.
“You will pay!” Kortak screamed, raising his war axe.
[Call of the Horde]
Fifteen orcs, each armored to the teeth and wielding an assortment of swords and bows, materialized with a haunting green glow, each one snarling and baring their signature tusks. 
Thane didn’t have to tell the party members what to do, however, as Luna immediately swapped targets, taking out a pair of orc archers within moments.
Malik struck next, slicing into the ankle of an orc grunt, finishing it off with a second dagger he held in his off hand. Blood painted the floor like a sea of red, and Ansel felt entirely helpless watching the battle continue. Surely I can help somehow, he thought to himself.
Then, he heard something. 
Something… sinister.
“I’ve been waiting for you.”
Ansel’s eyes widened as he flung his gaze around, searching for the source of the mysterious voice, but there was nothing. 
“You okay, Ansel?” Luna questioned worriedly. 
“I… did you say something?”
The archer only shook her head in response, continuing to participate in the battle at hand.
What the hell was that? Ansel wondered.
“Return to me, alone.”
“Who said that?!” The necromancer demanded out loud, louder than he intended to.
“Ansel, what’s going—” 
But Luna couldn’t finish her sentence, cut off by a final cry as Kortak finally fell to Thane’s spear. Malik stood beside him, and judging by the still bleeding wounds at the Orc Champion's ankles, it seemed that the boss of the dungeon wasn’t quite strong enough to handle both of them at the same time. 
“Sloppy, Malik. It took you far too long to dispatch the monster’s summons,” Thane reprimanded sternly. 
The assassin waved a hand dismissively. “Just admit you're angry you couldn’t beat the guy on your own, Thane.”
“Is that a challenge?” The Dragon Lancer demanded. 
Malik shrugged, but his smile held a cocky undertone. 
“Even he knows Thane could’ve cleared the dungeon on his own if he used any of his skills, right?” Ansel whispered.
“I don’t know, guy’s got a bag of rocks for brains,” Luna chuckled in response. 
“What was that?” Malik demanded, and he and Luna began to bicker back and forth like they always did. 
[Dungeon cleared! Determining rewards.]

[System Message]
<<E-Rank Zone Dungeon: The Orc Champion’s Tomb>>
Leaderboard:

Thane - 1st
Luna - 2nd
Malik - 3rd
Ansel - 4th

Info: Individual rewards will be given based on total contribution. This Zone has now been cleared, and new monsters will no longer spawn.

“How the hell did you rank ahead of me?” Malik shouted, mouth almost foaming with anger.
“I’m better, after all,” Luna responded proudly.
The bluescreen shimmered in the air, and each of the members of Silverstride took in their new rewards. The System still shocked Ansel in many ways, having only been able to access it after receiving his class at thirteen, but he was slowly getting used to the way it doled out strength in mysterious ways. An excited grin on Luna’s face told Ansel all he needed to know about her reward, whereas Malik looked rather dejected. Thane’s expression barely flickered, but even the first-place reward of an E-Rank dungeon held a relatively decent amount of worth. 
Of course, after ranking last and having killed basically nothing, Ansel’s reward was… not great.

[New Item!]
<<Rag of the Orc Servant>>
Common Item
Info: A Rag used to clean the halls of the Orc Champion’s Tomb!

What exactly am I supposed to do with this?!
“Let’s go,” Thane called out. He turned, making his way for the wooden door they had entered through. Now that the Zone Dungeon had been cleared, the way out would be unlocked, and they would be able to escape through the same way they had entered. However, Thane stopped, turning his head a few degrees to the left. “And Ansel…”
The necromancer’s breath caught for a moment, but he dared not say anything in front of the older, intimidating adventurer. 
“You are no longer a member of Silverstride.”

--- Chapter 3: Mother's Words ---

In a way, it was sort of a relief to no longer be a part of his former adventuring party. After all, the only reason they even bothered recruiting him in the first place was because of the ever-famous class he had received on his thirteenth birthday. Receiving a class in and of itself was already exciting news for a peasant boy from a remote village, but receiving the second rarest class in history, one only wielded by two others before him? 
It felt like the whole world knew about it. 
Of course, his fame quickly diminished when everyone at his local adventuring guild realized he couldn’t make use of a single one of his skills. 
It had been about a week since Thane had kicked Ansel out of Silverstride, even though Luna fought to keep him, saying that he just needed a chance, Thane was adamant. However, even the novice necromancer knew that his presence was more of a detriment than a positive, and the members of Silverstride were even beginning to get ridiculed for dragging the useless adventurer around with them. It was amazing that they even allowed him to continue adventuring with them for as long as they did.
Maybe they thought I would figure it out as I leveled up… Ansel contemplated mentally. Well, that dream never panned out. 
Of course, it wasn’t like the necromancer wasn’t disappointed at all. It had been his late father’s dream to adventure with his son after all, clearing dungeons together and becoming the kind of heroes only talked about in fairy tales was his biggest dream. Ansel felt like a failure, and although his mom welcomed the boy home with open arms, even she seemed to be partially disappointed in the wasted potential, even if she would never let him know that with her own words.
The way Thane and Malik described it sounds so easy. Just think about the skill, channel your mana, and activate it. How can it be so difficult? Ansel wondered, sighing as he mindlessly swung his sickle at the crops in the field beside his house. After losing all hope of becoming an adventurer, Ansel had gone back to his farming ways, harvesting wheat day in and day out to support his mother. For a short while, he was able to use the scrap crystal cores—valuable loot dropped from slaying monsters—as a means of financial support. But now, he wasn’t even able to scrounge up the leftovers from dungeons that the other members of Silverstride managed to clear. 
However, even though Ansel had all but given up his hopes of becoming an adventurer, there was still one thought ringing in the back of his mind. 
What, or perhaps who, was that creepy voice in the Orc Champion’s Tomb?
The former adventurer had been resisting the urge to head back to the Zone Dungeon and inspect it for any clues for a while now. Of course, the area should be safe after all, considering that any Zone Dungeon, as long as the boss is killed, would no longer spawn any new monsters. In fact, areas that used to be Zone Dungeons would often be turned into human settlements. The Orc Champion’s Tomb likely wouldn’t be used for that purpose, however, considering it was dark, damp, and completely underground. It also wasn’t unheard of for weaker adventurers to scour the remains of Zone Dungeons to search for any loot left behind.
But any monsters that aren’t killed in the initial dungeon raid also don’t just disappear as a result of the dungeon being cleared, so there was also the possibility of remaining orcs still hanging around.
Too risky. Ansel decided firmly, continuing to harvest his crops till sunset.

Ansel kicked the door to his home open, the same quaint, village home he had lived in all his life, as his hands were occupied by the sacks of wheat slung across his shoulders. It swung open wildly, slamming into a wall and kicking up a small cloud of dust, and he mentally berated himself for not controlling his strength. Despite being relatively weak for an adventurer, having been granted a class and leveling a few times had made Ansel much stronger physically than he had been before turning thirteen.This book is hosted on another platform. Read the official version and support the author's work.
“Ansel, finally. It’s getting dark, you really shouldn’t be out harvesting that late at night,” his mother said, worry lines appearing all across her fair-skinned complexion. 
“I’m old enough to stay out in the dark,” Ansel sighed, knowing his mother meant well. He was all she had left, after all. 
“Come now, supper is ready,” she responded, ushering the boy towards the fireplace. The pair sat in matching rocking chairs, positioned at an angle to face the quiet, smoldering fireplace. Above was a small cooking pot, and Ansel’s mother poured each of them a few ladles of soup before taking a seat herself.
They stayed like that for a while, staring deeply into the embers as they sipped at their respective bowls, before Ansel’s mother finally said something. “How have you been feeling, Ansel?”
The former adventurer seemed slightly confused, not having expected his mother to say much of anything. “Uh, fine, I guess?” His sentence ended more like a question than a statement. 
His mother paused, glancing at the young boy out of the corner of her eye, although Ansel elected not to meet her gaze. “It’s a shame, isn’t it? Your father’s dream.”
Ansel’s head shot up, staring intently at his mother. “I thought you didn’t want me adventuring? Didn’t you say it was too dangerous for someone my age to be hunting monsters?” 
“I did.”
“Then what are you talking about?”
“Well…” She began. “I know you, Ansel. You don’t give up on things. Forgive me, son, but even though you never showcased much… talent, for the whole adventurer business—” she stopped, setting her finished bowl of soup on the table beside her. “You continued to try. You spent hours in the fields trying to cast your skills on the dead birds and animals that ended up back there—”
“You were watching me?!” Ansel cried out in embarrassment. 
But his mother continued without skipping a beat. “And of course, you joined party after party, coming along to dungeon after dungeon, quest after quest, yet still you never gave up.” She turned her head, locking eyes with her son. “Tell me, Ansel, is it really just about your father?”
“What do you mean?” The boy replied, dumbfounded. He stared expectantly at his mother, but she offered no explanation. “Well… well, it’s not like I didn’t enjoy adventuring at all, but that doesn’t matter anyway, I’m too weak to even—”
“Do not call my son weak,” Ansel’s mother chastised, interrupting his sentence. “You are the strongest person I know.”
“That’s not saying much, it’s not like there are very many people in the village…”
“Are you saying I have no friends?” Ansel’s mother challenged.
The boy waved his hands frantically, wishing he could take back his statement. “N-No! That’s not what I meant!”
“Uh-huh,” she laughed, letting the laughter drop off into a momentary silence. “Ansel, when your father died, who tended to the fields? Who was the one who did everything he could to put food on the table, to provide for his family, to make sure that above all, his mother…” She choked up, and Ansel spotted her eyes watering ever so slightly. “Was still okay?”
“What does this have to do with—”
“Everything, Ansel. Everything. You might not even know it about yourself, but adventuring has always been your dream, not just your father’s. You were the one who asked him to teach you. He only ever wanted to help you achieve your goal.”
“I… but I can’t, mother. It just… it doesn’t make sense to me,” Ansel sighed, drooping in his chair like a dejected toddler. 
“That doesn’t mean you need to give up.”
The young boy shifted his gaze to the window, staring out at the soft, graceful moon above, observing as the silver beams delicately danced their way through the sky. “What do I do, then?”
“Live for you, Ansel, not for your father, not for your party members, and definitely not for me,” She puffed up her chest, then flexed an arm, revealing a surprisingly toned bicep. “I can handle myself. I’m not so consumed by grief that I cannot tend to my own needs after all. And I do have friends, for your information.”
Ansel let out a small chuckle, letting the moment simmer for a moment as he contemplated. Then, he stood, his mind having been made up. “Thank you, mother. I needed that. I’ll be home late tomorrow, probably.”
His mother smiled softly, letting her gaze wander towards the embers floating up into the air. “I’ll always be proud of you, adventurer or not.”
Ansel grinned, resting a hand on his mother’s shoulder briefly before heading to bed, anticipating what he planned to do next. 
It was time to visit the Tomb of the Orc Champion.

--- Chapter 12: Proficiency Test (2) ---

Everything was silent for a moment, and Ansel hurriedly scurried away as Orion and Eldrin stared at each other in anticipation.
If Orion takes too much damage, he might reveal his status as an undead…
Ansel gritted his teeth at the thought. He hadn’t expected guildmaster Eldrin himself to show up. Even Orion, as powerful as he seemed to be, surely didn’t stand a chance in a real confrontation.
Orion shifted his feet, then darted onward, swinging his greatsword with expert precision. His movements were quick, but still much slower than Eldrin’s when he had been fighting the young necromancer only moments before. A heavy clang rang out, and Ansel noticed an ever-so slight adjustment in Eldrin’s feet as he withstood Orion’s blow. A small sign that there was more power behind the strike than he had anticipated.
“You managed to defend,” Orion stated.
"And you are tremendously strong." Eldrin laughed. “Perhaps it was luck.” 
With a grunt, Orion spun, slicing through the air where Eldrin once stood. Ansel angled his head upwards, tracing the guildmaster's form as he leapt through the sky. However, Orion did not need to follow the man with his eyes; instead, he seemed to react entirely on instinct as he activated his skill.
[Guard Breaker]
The skeleton dropped into a low stance, glowing with a blue aura. Eldrin’s eyes widened, and at the last moment, he activated a skill of his own. 
[Shadow Step]
In an instant, the guildmaster disappeared, rematerializing a few feet away in the shadow of one of the many trees surrounding the clearing. He turned, eyeing the skeleton with narrowed eyes. “A formidable skill. Does it have limits?”
Could he tell the effects simply from watching Orion activating it? Even I don’t fully know the effects of that skill…
“Limits?” Orion contemplated. “No one has ever had the strength to find out.”
“My lucky day then,” Eldrin laughed. 
A clash of metal made Ansel physically recoil, and his head whirled around to see Orion and the guildmaster locked into a deadly dance of strikes and parries. The boy couldn’t even tell if Eldrin simply closed the distance with raw speed, or if he had used another activation of Shadow Step. It was clear, however, that Eldrin was a step above the current strength of Ansel’s first summon. Orion was slowly losing ground, that is, until he reactivated Guard Breaker once more. This time, Eldrin elected to strike, not bothering to dodge as he had before. His thin black blade tore through the air at inhuman speeds, like a lightning strike in metal form. Miraculously, Orion’s massive greatsword moved with a similar agility, parrying the attack with ease as it began to glow with a golden light. Then, as if the sun itself radiated from the point of contact, their blades clashed again with fury that forced Ansel and Anita to both take a step back and shield their eyes from the light. The wind rushed against Ansel's face in a fierce torrent of pressure, blowing the boy's soft hair back as he resisted the impact of the shockwave. 
Finally, the dust settled. 
“Hmph,” Orion grunted, sheathing his greatsword. “I take it that this concludes the proficiency test?”
Eldrin twirled his weapon, wiping off a speck of dust on his shoulder. “Yes, of course.” He smiled, and it seemed that after the short fight, the sense of apprehension that he once held was gone. “Anita will give you the rest of the information you need, as well as any complimentary provisions you would like from the guildsmith.”
“Our ranks?” Orion asked bluntly. 
“Of course, of course, I wouldn’t presume to make you two wait any longer after all,” Eldrin paused, then glanced down at the young boy before him. Ansel stared back with intense anticipation, knowing that the guildmaster’s choice would have a direct impact on his journey. Finally, Eldrin began to speak again. “Ansel, I have decided to promote you to an Iron-ranked adventurer. While this may seem relatively low, I assure you, you have come a long way in the past year.”Stolen from Royal Road, this story should be reported if encountered on Amazon.
Ansel smiled, even though he was slightly disappointed. He had hoped to at least be bestowed the gold rank, considering that any rank below gold still had to give up a sizable margin of any guild quest rewards. 
“And you, Mr. Galahad, was it?” 
“Correct.”
“Hmm…” Eldrin stared into the sky, as if the clouds held the answer he was looking for. “Platinum.”
Orion scoffed, but he didn’t bother arguing the decision.
However, Ansel’s and Anita’s eyes both bulged at the guildmaster's words. “Platinum?! For an adventurer who hasn’t completed a single quest and never taken a proficiency test before?” Anita roared, unable to hide her confusion. 
I know Orion is strong, but Platinum? Orion hasn’t even reached level four yet!
“Were you two not in attendance for our fight just now?” Eldrin asked, a hint of danger in his words.
“Apologies!” Anita rattled.
“Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m a rather busy man,” he turned, but asked one final question before leaving. “Also, I would like to keep up with you two’s progress. Do you mind sharing the name of your party before I depart?”

“It sounds silly,” Orion complained. “You understand that I’ll be fighting under this name as well, right?”
“It’s a combination of my father’s name!” Ansel protested, then continued to pout,” and I think Asharin sounds cool.” The name was a fusion of his father’s—Ashander Lorrin—and it seemed like paying respect in a way, considering that his dad had always wanted to name their eventual party “The Lorrin Company.”
Well, his dad could’ve worked on his naming schemes. 
“Nevermind the name,” Ansel shook his head in an attempt to clear his mind. He stared down at the small, Iron trinket now hanging around his neck, then looked up enviously at Orion’s shining green piece, wishing that it were his instead. Well, he’s technically mine, so… He ignored the thought. “We’re adventurers now!” 
“Weren’t you already one?” 
“Well, now I can actually use my skill!” Ansel beamed, but after a moment, he added, “kind of…” Orion let loose a smattering of mock applause, much to the boy’s chagrin. “Now, my first step is to accept a quest! It’s probably best if we start small, even though you’re platinum rank, so that we can get some Exp–”
But Orion had already turned away, casually striding towards the guildsmith’s workshop directly across from the adventurers guild they had just exited. 
“What’re you doing? The quests are that way!” Ansel pointed backwards, trying in vain to pull the massive warrior back. Orion never broke stride, simply dragging the boy along until he gave up. 
“I wish to see what advances in smithing have occurred since my time.”
The workshop wasn’t too large, with just two segments of stone architecture and a dark gray A-frame roof, the back portion slightly elevated compared to the front. The back half extended down even further, creating an L-shape, with a semi-outdoor patio and a simple chimney poking out the top. Ansel could see Hadr, Avon’s resident guildsmith, striking at his anvil, causing sparks to fly off in every direction. The man looked up, spotting the young necromancer, and gave an immediate scowl. Ansel was constantly losing the weapons and armor that Hadr made for him, and the only reason he continued crafting such gear was at Eldrin’s insistence that the Avon guild couldn’t be responsible for letting the only necromancer in hundreds of years die due to lack of appropriate armor. 
“Ansel,” Hadr greeted flatly. “And who’s this hunk o’ metal?” 
“His name’s Galahad, and we just formed a new adventuring party,” Ansel began sheepishly. “Guildmaster Eldrin told us that we could come here for anything we needed before we began–”
“Of course that geezer told ya’ that,” Hadr grumbled. He began to mumble to himself, but still loud enough to hear. “Oh, go to Hadr and get yer’ free gear! All new adventurers deserve a fresh set 'a equipment, blah, blah, blah. He thinks I don’t needa make a living ‘round here?!”
Orion suddenly drew his sword, causing Hadr to recoil slightly. “What’s yer’ problem? Can’t ya’ see I’m busy?” But after a moment, the guildsmith’s eyes widened. “Is that… it can’t be… may I?” He asked, frantically grabbing at the weapon. 
“Be my guest.”
Orion let go, and the sword plummeted, embedding itself in the ground. Hadr pulled hard, but it wouldn’t budge. “A heavy son-of-a-bitch ain’t it? Well, it’s alright, I can take a look at it right here,” he pulled out a small monocle from his coat, holding it up to the metal. He scanned the weapon for a moment, then gasped. “It is! It’s truly made of Dragonsteel!”
“Correct,” Orion stated, pulling his sword from the ground and forcing Hadr to take a step back to avoid getting cut. 
“But it seems like all the dragon magic’s been sealed. Tell me, Mr…”
“Galahad,” Ansel interjected.
“Right, Galahad. Where’d ya’ find this?” 
“It matters not. Can you unseal the magic?” 
“Ah, well,” Hadr held a hand up to his chin. “There’s something I could try.”

--- Chapter 13:  Sharpening the Pace ---

The trio entered the guildsmith’s workshop, where Hadr directed Orion to lay his weapon on a massive table in the center of the room. 
If this stout guildsmith can unseal even a fraction of my weapon’s power…
Orion crossed his arms as he observed the guildsmith work. The boy beside him seemed antsy, probably anxiously hoping to begin completing quests, but the skeleton cared not for his wants. 
“Boy,” Orion suddenly said, startling Ansel, who jumped in fear. The skeleton sighed in disappointment. “If you flinch at every movement and sound, how do you expect to fight?”
“You have a scary voice!” Ansel protested.
Orion sighed again, louder this time. “No matter. This guildsmith, Hadr, correct? Does he have… any considerable skill compared to the other guildsmith’s of this time?”
“I’m not really sure… I’ve never been to any other towns with an adventurers guild.”
“Oh, I got skill alright!” Hadr boasted from across the workshop, scampering back and forth between his disorganized workbenches and fiddling with a number of miscellaneous tools. He resembled a rather girthy rat, choosing between a moldy piece of cheese and a second, slightly smaller one. “You ain’t gonna find a better smith than me!”
“How encouraging,” Orion muttered flatly. “Boy–”
“Ansel. We agreed that you’d call me by my name,” The necromancer said defiantly.
Orion rolled his nonexistent eyes. “Ansel, perhaps you should search for any weapons or armor that appeal to you. That dagger and tunic will not be enough to guard your frail form.”
“Good idea, Ori… I mean, Galahad!” The boy happily scampered off to dig through the rows and rows of equipment lining the interior of Hadr’s workshop. 
Of course, I really just couldn’t stand another moment with that brat breathing down my neck.
“Oh, this is it!” The guildsmith suddenly exclaimed, nearly sprinting towards the blade lying in the center of the workshop. “Eldrin gave this to me after a rather lucrative adventure of his. I’ve been saving it for a special occasion…” Hadr gave Orion’s weapon a beady-eyed stare. “A real Dragonsteel weapon is ‘bout as good as any.” He raised the item in his hand, a small, shining pearlescent stone. To the untrained eye, it would seem like nothing more than a pretty rock. “This is–”
“A wrought pearl. I’ve seen a few of these in my time,” Orion interjected.
Hadr paused for a moment, then nodded, seemingly surprised that the skeleton was able to recognize the item. “Good eye.” He brought the stone forward, and then it began to glow with an almost sinister purple light. Hadr grit his teeth, and Orion noticed beads of sweat dripping down his forehead as he continued to concentrate.
But even as the guildmaster worked, Orion felt surprised. Is he able to activate the wrought pearl without any artificing gear? Only the strongest smiths in my time would’ve dared to attempt such a feat. Perhaps Hadr does have considerable skill… Another thought, although short and fleeting, popped into his mind. But a guildsmith from a small village on the outskirts of civilization… perhaps humanity has truly advanced since three hundred years ago. Orion thought back to the duel with Eldrin. Though the skeleton knew that with his full strength, such an opponent would’ve been trivial, the same concept applied. Why would the guildmaster of a small, remote adventurers guild possess such strength? 
“Hmph,” Orion grunted aloud, and suddenly, the purple light disappeared, plunging the guildsmith’s workshop into darkness. 
“Oi, you broke my concentration!” Hadr complained, slumping backwards as he dropped the now gray and lifeless wrought pearl onto the ground. 
The skeleton scoffed, walking forward. He grabbed his greatsword before replying. “You know well enough that you had reached your limit.”
This time, it was Hadr’s turn to scoff. “Says you. What d’you know about smithing?”Royal Road is the home of this novel. Visit there to read the original and support the author.
“Did it work?” Ansel interjected, now wearing a large brown cloak around his neck, as well as a brand new dagger at his waist. “Hope you don’t mind if I keep these, Hadr,” He added sheepishly.
“Yeah, cuz’ I don’t get a say in my own creations,” Hadr grumbled. The guildsmith turned, eyeing the weapon in Orion’s hands. “It worked all right, but whatever magic is sealing that thing is strong. You’d need a hundred wrought pearls to get anything else out of it, and I don’t have the proper gear in this hellhole to do much else.”
Orion brandished his sword, noting that one of the nine runes engraved along its blade was now slightly illuminated, glowing with a slight golden hum. Impressive enough that he managed to do this much. Perhaps I underestimated the man.
“Well, thanks for your time, Hadr! We'd best be going now, we’ve got quests to complete!” Ansel said cheerfully, before promptly turning around and heading straight for the door. 
“That little brat,” Hadr complained. “Oi, I'd better get some repayment from you, big guy. That wrought pearl was real valuable.” 
Orion laughed. Despite the stout and ugly man’s demeanor being quite off-putting, there was a certain charm to him. And, it seemed that they shared a hatred for the puny boy’s incompetence. “I’ll see to it that I return with something worthy of your time.”
The skeleton casually strode behind Ansel, who was busy trying to wrangle his unruly undead standing awkwardly just outside the workshop. Kortak was kneeling, trying to comfort a crying child who had fallen and began wailing at the sight of a monster right inside their town. The mother was angrily berating Ansel, telling the boy that he ought to be more responsible with his summons, rather than just letting them terrorize the citizens wherever he went. 
“...I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to scare your kid! Look, he’s a nice orc, right, Kortak?” 
The orc champion nodded vigorously, baring his rotten and decaying teeth, which caused the child to resume his wailing with a renewed intensity. 
Orion shook his head. “Boy, let’s go.”
“Ansel,” the necromancer grumbled in response. “Are we finally getting a quest?”
“No,” Orion answered flatly.
“What do you mean?!”
“Come on,” with that, the massive skeleton grabbed both Kortak and Ansel by the ear, dragging the pair away from the town and into the surrounding forests. 
“Atleast someone is teaching that kid some manners!” The mother yelled as they walked away, hugging her own child tightly to her chest.
We’ll see about that.
“Where are we going?” Ansel complained, his tone reminding Orion just how young the boy truly was. Not that his size, strength, or maturity portrayed him as anything more. 
“Like I said before. You could do with some muscle.”

Ansel had felt an abnormal amount of pain in the past few days. Fighting an orc for the first time, being tossed and thrown around by a massive, hulking skeleton warrior, and being effortlessly defeated by the guildmaster were events that he would’ve never anticipated, only just a week ago. 
Similarly, what he was doing now was also something he would never have anticipated. 
The damp, musty smell of leaves and decaying wood assaulted the boy’s nostrils, not to mention the countless animal feces littered throughout the forests behind Avon. Or perhaps it was his own scent after dripping sweat from every orifice of his body for the past three hours. Ansel’s body burned, muscles that he never even knew existed straining like a rope on its last strand. Despite it all, however, he felt his efforts were paying off. It had been two weeks since the pair had visited Hadr’s workshop, and since then, even Ansel’s mother had noticed a change in his physique, noting that he seemed ever so slightly more manly than before.
“You think that will be good enough to survive the dungeons, boy? Stop daydreaming and run!” Orion barked, following along at what seemed like a casual stroll. 
Ansel, Kortak, and the two orc archers were all running through the forest, ducking and weaving through the foliage as they completed the training exercise. Orion had told the boy that in order to begin completing quests, he should atleast be able to have a modicum of physical ability. Ansel didn’t particularly disagree, but he felt that Orion’s methods were a bit… harsh, especially for the orcs, who, to Ansel’s knowledge, didn’t even benefit from exercise.
“You call yourself the Orc Champion? I wouldn’t make you the champion of a home for the elderly!” Orion taunted, causing Kortak to frown. 
At last, the group reached their destination—the same clearing where Eldrin and Anita had conducted their proficiency test—prompting Ansel to drop to the ground in exhaustion. Kortak and the pair of undead archers dropped as well, although Ansel had a sneaking suspicion that they were simply acting in solidarity with their master. 
“Get up, you sorry lot!” Orion roared, and Ansel forced himself to his feet. 
“Aren’t I the master around here?” The boy muttered. 
Orion ignored the complaint. “Congratulations. You now know what true pain feels like.”
“What are you–”
A heavy thud rang out, causing Ansel to yelp in pain. “What was that for?” He complained, rubbing the back of his head where Orion had just slapped him. “Doesn’t my magic or whatever stop you from hurting me?”
Orion let out a belly laugh, seemingly happier than Ansel had ever seen him before. Perhaps because he enjoyed seeing the boy suffer. No, that’s definitely why.
“Just because,” the skeleton shrugged. Then, his voice dropped, and his eyes began to glow with a fiery intensity. “Now, isn’t it about time you make good on your promise and show me what a real hero looks like?”

--- Chapter 14: A Wager of Chance ---

The dimly lit interior of the adventurers guild was only slightly ominous as Ansel and Orion strode towards the awaiting quest board. The boy could barely hold back his excitement as they walked, feeling as if he were only a step away from fulfilling a dream that had always lived on the edge of his consciousness. 
A dream that quickly turned to a nightmare.
“There are no quests?!” His eyes bulged at the empty quest board, and the surrounding adventurers chuckled at the sight.
“I warned you,” Orion stated. “Registering to a small guild with only one stone; this was bound to happen.” 
“But my old parties never had issues getting quests…” 
“Were you the one who came to receive them, or did you simply follow them around like a sad, lost puppy?” 
“Shut it.”
“You’ll have to get in line,” A new voice interjected, and Ansel immediately recognized it as the older, gruff adventurer known as Fletcher. The young necromancer had been invited to his party a few months before joining Silverstride, but they only used him to fetch their loot at the end of their adventures. Ansel turned, meeting Fletcher in the eye, which caused the man to stop in his tracks for a split second. Back when they had adventured together, Ansel was sure that he had never maintained eye contact for more than a fleeting moment. 
But now, the boy had a renewed sense of confidence. “And why should we?”
Fletcher cackled before responding. “Oh, the little boy thinks he’s tough now cuz’ he’s got some new friends, especially this big–” Fletcher yelped as he was dragged into the air by a massive palm gripping his skull. 
“We have better things to do than adventurers like you, who do nothing but sit around with a thumb up their arse,” Orion laughed, watching as the comparatively tiny man struggled for control as he was suspended in midair. Finally, he released his grip, letting loose another torrent of laughter as Fletcher stumbled.
Is he only motivated by the suffering of others? Ansel thought to himself, but even he couldn’t stifle his laughter entirely. 
Fletcher dusted himself off, then cried out indignantly, “What makes you so important?! Huh? We’ve been adventurers much longer than you! Just cause you waltz in here with your big sword and your fancy armor doesn’t mean–”
“This one’s perfect!” Ansel cried out, back already turned to the protesting Fletcher. Orion placed his hands on his hips and nodded his affirmation, and the duo promptly exited the adventurers guild. In Fletcher's fury, he hadn’t managed to notice a new quest being posted, which Orion and Ansel quickly snatched up. 
“Hold on–”
The slam of the wooden door cut off the protest, and the pair quickly scurried off, reading their new quest. 

[System Message]
<<New Guild Quest: The Beast in the Night (D-Rank)>>
Quest Accepted By: Asharin 
Info: Rockenfall, a small, quaint village, has long been terrorized by a creature who only strikes in the dead of the night. Slay their monster, and many rewards await you!
Objective: 

Defeat the Beast in the Night


Optional Objective: Allow zero casualties to the residents of Rockenfall

Reward:

Skill Reroller (Bonus Reward!)


1000 Exp (Guild Tax 40%)


 500 Crystal Cores (Guild Tax 40%)


“My guild tax is still forty percent even though I’ve ranked up to Iron…” Ansel complained. “Atleast it’s not fifty like before.”
Orion ignored the complaints, raising a fist in anger to voice his own. “So because I’m your ‘summon’, I don’t actually get my own share of the quest rewards?! You reap all of the benefits?”This story originates from Royal Road. Ensure the author gets the support they deserve by reading it there.
“Well, even though they registered us as two separate members of the party, it seems like we only get one quest payout from the system… but don’t worry! I’ll be sure to split the rewards with you!” Ansel explained worriedly. 
“At. What. Rate?” 
“Well, uh, you see, seeing as I’m the master and all…” Ansel gulped.
“Choose your next words carefully, boy.”
“Seventy-Thirty! You can have thirty percent!”
“Insolence!” Orion roared. “I deserve more than half compared to a pathetic brat like you! I’m all of the manpower!”
“You wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for me!” Ansel protested. “Besides, I don’t actually have to share anything with you. I’m being generous!”
“And I don’t need to fight for you either,” Orion shrugged. 
They were silent for a moment before the young necromancer decided to speak again with a heavy sigh. “Ok, Fifty-Fifty, but I get the items.”
“Hmph,” Orion grunted. “You’ll have to do better than that after the insulting offer you gave me before.”
“Ugh, fine,” Ansel muttered. “How about this, Fifty-Fifty, but you get sixty percent of the crystal cores looted directly from the monsters and bosses. I get half of the loot dropped, and all quest items go to me.”
“If there is an item that piques my interest, I should be allowed to claim one every other quest.”
“What items could you possibly need?! You’re already freakishly strong and have a full set of equipment, not to mention some kind of incredible magic sword!”
“The rich and powerful do not become so because they have a knack for giving away their possessions,” Orion lectured. 
“The crystal cores looted from the monsters are untaxed by the guild! You’d be making a lot more than me, it’s not fair if you take half of the quest items too!”
“Hmph,” Orion grunted. “Fine. You may keep the items, but in the event of a particularly interesting one, I reserve the right to challenge you for it.”
“Challenge?”
“I’ll show you,” Orion said with a sly smile. He held out a single fist, gesturing for Ansel to do the same. 
A grumpy old man like him wants to play a game? Where is this going…
Ansel reluctantly held out his fist while Orion explained the rules of the game. 
“In my time, it was called sword, arrow, shield,” He mimed three distinct hand signs, loosely resembling the three weapons. “Sword beats shield, shield beats arrow, and arrow beats sword.” 
“This is stupid,” Ansel complained. 
“It’s a classic! We loved this game!” Orion yelped, almost childlike and unbefitting his massive stature. Ansel had to fight the urge to laugh as the skeleton straightened, seemingly aware of how his outburst made him look. “No matter. Play, or we have no deal.”
“Fine, but you are only allowed to challenge once every five quests.”
“Three.”
“Four.”
“Three,” Orion repeated.
“Fine,” Ansel sighed, knowing that somehow, the centuries-old man was even more stubborn than he was. 
“Then, I hereby declare my right to challenge for the reward of this quest.”
“Oh, c’mon!”
They both held out their fists, and Ansel copied Orion’s movements, chanting the names of the three weapons in rhythm as they rocked their hands up and down. 
The boy yelped with excitement as he saw the hand shape of an arrow, knowing that he had played shield. “I win! You can’t challenge for another three quests!”
Orion’s fiery blue flames flickered, as if he couldn’t believe his nonexistent eyes. “I… I lost?”

The quest itself sent out a tiny, blue whisp that flew through the air, guiding them towards their destination. Furthermore, as they travelled to Rockenfall, Ansel and Orion had no choice but to engage in conversation with each other, even though the skeleton warrior was still pouting about his earlier loss. 
“I have a curiosity, boy. In my time, guild quests were rather simple and only required us to complete various instanced and zone dungeons, or kill several specific monsters. Something like this,” Orion gestured to the quest screen that he had been reading from moments ago. “Would only be given as a personal quest.”
“Interesting…” Ansel contemplated. “Well, as far as I know, this is how things have always been. Of course, we still get the dungeon quests and stuff every now and then, but we also receive things like this one.”
More has changed in this world than I once thought. Perhaps, even, the system itself has changed. But my memory is still jumbled, none of the details are clear to me yet…
“I have a question,” Ansel said. 
“You need not announce it to the world, spit it out, boy,” Orion reprimanded.
“Well, all that stuff back in the workshop with Hadr, what exactly did he do to your sword?”
“Hmph,” Orion grunted. “That wrought pearl he used, it has the ability to imbue magic into items, although the exact details of how are beyond me. I only have a surface-level understanding of the arts of smithing and artificing.”
“Hundreds of years, and you didn’t even bother to learn how your weapons were made?”
“Insolent brat,” Orion spat. “I had no need for such knowledge, considering that even without any of my weapons or armor, there was no being in any realm who could defeat me.”
“Of course, Orion the great and infallible,” Ansel mocked, flexing his two slightly more toned biceps.
“One day, I will break these shackles and–” The skeleton paused, then stopped. 
“What, what's wrong?”
Orion’s bony mouth twisted into what could’ve been considered a smile, even though he knew that Ansel couldn’t see it. “We’re being followed.”

--- Chapter 21: Labryinth of the Kobolds (3) ---

“Did you hear that?” The boy asked, stopping abruptly, which caused the undead following behind him to stumble for a bit until they, too, came to a halt.
“Yes,” Orion replied, almost excited. I pray these Kobolds have more strength to them than I expect.
The hallway that had been revealed to them through the secret doorway in the looping cave seemed to be the main path that the Kobolds followed. Just around the corner, they could hear the sounds of footsteps slowly approaching. Orion drew his sword, itching to test the new rune engraved into it that Hadr had unlocked utilizing the wrought pearl, as well as a new effect of Guard Breaker that he unlocked after leveling up a few times. Even though he didn’t receive a direct reward from the guild quest, the skeleton still received a sizeable boost in Exp from simply being near the sniveling brat behind him. 
“Don’t get carried away,” Ansel warned. “Remember, the quest only says that we need to kill the boss and a handful of Kobolds, so our main objective is to find the boss room and get out.”
“That may be your objective, boy. I only wish to fight.” Orion ignored the grumblings of the child behind him, slipping out from the corner where they hid and facing their enemies. Two small creatures, maybe two or three feet in height, leaped back in surprise. They had red-skin, small tattered loincloths hanging around their waists, and tiny daggers which they pulled from their sheaths. They bared their fangs, recovering from the shock of the massive skeleton standing before them. 
The low-hanging ceiling was already scraped and mangled from where Orion had bashed his head into it, so he could hardly utilize his full speed. “Come at me, you pitiful creatures!” He shouted, trying to entice them into striking first, but they didn’t bite. Hmm? Perhaps they possess some sort of intelligence after all. Growing impatient, Orion hobbled forward, attempting to swing his sword. His weapon dragged against the cramped hallway, tearing a rift into the wall and slowing his attack just enough that the Kobold on the left could easily dodge, flipping up and landing on the blade of Orion's sword. 
“That's not going to work!”
“I can see that,” Orion harumphed. With his second hand, he grabbed the Kobold standing on his blade, then began to squeeze. The small creature let out a shriek of pain, stabbing at Orion’s hand with fury, but the tiny dagger only managed to leave short, white scratch marks against the armor. The second Kobold squealed in fear, running forward and stabbing his dagger down into Orion’s foot.
He scoffed as the steel blade crumpled into a useless, tightly bundled lump. 
They may be even weaker than I thought. The warrior stamped down, crushing the monster underfoot. Blood leaked out, like pooling rainwater in a shallow hole. I didn’t get a chance to try any of my new capabilities…
“Good work,” Ansel applauded sarcastically. “Now, let’s see if I can resurrect these guys,” He paused, angling a hand over one of the Kobolds corpses. “Raise Undead.”

The two undead and glowing Kobolds bounded forward, now acting as the party's scouts as they continued to forge through the hallways. It was almost like a maze, and it seemed even the boy was having a hard time keeping track of their path. Orion had offered to simply break through the walls, but Ansel was adamant that they not cause any more of a commotion than they already had, in fear of alerting more Kobolds to their location. While Orion cared not for the boy's suggestion, he wasn’t exactly sure how much of an effect his attack would have either way. Back in the cave, his blow hadn’t even managed to dent the walls, although that could’ve been some sort of illusory magic. Suffering another embarrassment like that would be too much to handle. 
Along the way, they ran into only a handful more Kobolds, each one falling in a similar fashion to the ones now running ahead of them. Ansel elected not to resurrect any more, however, considering they possessed little in the way of combat capabilities. 
The boy will need all the mana he can get if he wishes to raise the boss of this dungeon anyway. Hopefully, such a being possesses at least some modicum of strength…This narrative has been purloined without the author's approval. Report any appearances on Amazon.
“There!” Ansel hissed, eyeing what most definitely was the entrance to the boss room. Only one, slightly taller Kobold stood guard, but Orion recognized the creature as being a higher form of the ones they had been killing along the way.
“A Kobold Elite. Perhaps this one may be worth making your soldier, boy.” The group strode forward, Orion not bothering to check for any traps as he did while Ansel cautiously probed each and every nook and cranny. 
“Halt!” The Kobold yelped, seemingly high enough level to speak. He held out a single hand, as if that were enough to stop the massive warrior before him. “The great Shaman has not permitted entry–”
Orion swung, or at least, he thought he did. Instead, his blade stayed rooted to his back, much to his confusion. “What sorcery is–”
“How rude!” The Kobold shrieked, his brow furrowed and lips pursed into a frown. “This is a no-combat zone! To pass, you must solve my riddle!”
“These bastard creatures!” Orion cursed, releasing the grip on his sword. “Boy! Answer this insolent creature's question so that we may slay whatever beast resides behind these doors!”
“Well, I think it’d be fun to watch you answer it.”
Orion turned, sending a menacing death glare at his necromancer, then spat with evil intent. “Give. Me. Your. Riddle.”
The Kobold stroked his chin. “The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?”
Orion wasted no time in answering. “Your life,” he growled. “The more of your lives I take, the more corpses I will leave behind.”
“Incorrect!”
“Hmph,” Orion grunted. “That was a perfectly sufficient answer.”
Ansel stifled a laugh from behind him, but Orion ignored the boy. “Breaths. Each one brings you closer to death.”
“Incorrect!”
This time, Ansel couldn’t help but laugh. “Orion, are you joking?”
What? What was wrong with those answers? He wanted to ask, but instead turned to face the boy. “You, hold your tongue, lest I rip that smirk off of your face.”
Ansel didn’t stop smiling, forcing Orion to turn away in an effort to retain his pride. He thought for a long moment, then looked down at his feet. It can’t be…
“Footsteps,” he sighed dejectedly.
“Correct!” The Kobold screamed.
“Good work,” Ansel commented with a laugh, pushing past the warrior and into the room.
The group entered, but the interior was completely dark, with only the distinct smell of rotting corpses to welcome them. The glow of the undead illuminated the ground where they stood, but besides that, there was nothing.
Then, a pair of torches on either side of the room miraculously lit, followed by another, then another, spanning the length of the room. The room was circular in shape, like a hovel carved into rock. On one end, a taller Kobold with white scales, roughly four feet tall and dressed in an elaborate, red waistcloak, was hunched over, surrounded by a group of ten Kobold Elites. The Shaman wore pale, golden shoulder plates, holding a staff forged from twisting wood with a purple gem fashioned to the tip. The creatures chanted in some distinct language which Orion could not understand, seemingly unbothered by the intruders.
[You have entered into the Lair of Makroo, the Kobold Shaman.]
[Calculating…]
[Two debuffs have been applied due to incorrect answers!]
“Way to go, Orion,” Ansel complained, but his voice seemed to shake in fear, causing Orion to scoff mentally.
The skeleton could feel the immediate effects; his body itself growing heavier, despite his massive and powerful frame. He wasn't quite sure what the second debuff was, as there was no indicator or status window to notify him.
But the Death Knight only laughed. “Finally, a real challenge. I should’ve continued offering false answers.”
The dungeon boss, Makroo, stood, staring with a low brow and flared nostrils. His lips turned to a sly smile as he began to address the intruders. “We’ve been watching. While we are quite impressed by your ability to navigate our Labyrinth, you have taught us many ways to improve our defenses.” 
“You will not have the time to implement such improvements,” Orion stated cockily. “Your end will be here, creature.”
“Perhaps, perhaps,” the Shaman responded uncaringly. “Or, perhaps you shall end up like the ones before you.”
What is he…
Then, Orion finally surveyed his surroundings. 
Endless rows of skulls layered the floor, like piles of fallen snow, presumably, from all of the past adventurers that the Kobolds had slain.
“This is…” Orion began, slightly startled. “No matter. The deaths of these mortals before us are hardly a deterrent. You have never met a warrior such as myself, insolent creature.”
“Is that so?” The Shaman chanted, and Orion realized that he and his Kobold Elites were casting some sort of spell. “Awaken from your slumber, my children!”
Makroo’s eyes began to glow, and he spoke one final command. 
“Raise… Undead!”

--- Chapter 22: Labryinth of the Kobolds (4) ---

“How?!” Ansel yelped in utter confusion, his face stricken with horror. The horde of skulls surrounding the group slowly began to rise, taking on spectral forms and magically gaining weapons and armor that they presumably had wielded when they were still alive. “This is a C-Rank? This is insane!”
“Does this Kobold possess the necromancer class as well?” Orion contemplated, then shook his head. “Impossible.”
Makroo cackled like an evil witch, stabbing his staff into the ground as he walked, an endless army of slain adventurers rising around him. “Perhaps, but you will not live long enough to find out.”
“Oh?” The skeleton questioned, his voice filled with contempt. 
“Don’t kill him just yet, Orion,” Ansel warned. “We need him to talk.”
“And why is that?”
“Look, you see those two?” Ansel pointed to a pair of adventurers wreathed in flames, one boy and one girl. 
“Hmm, those are the adventurers that the guildmaster mentioned had gone missing, yes?”
Ansel nodded in affirmation as his various summons gripped their weapons, preparing for battle. 
“Fine,” Orion paused, his eyes flickering like a roaring flame. “Though I cannot guarantee that the monster will come out of this unharmed.”
With that, he charged forward, but Ansel didn’t have time to watch the skeleton fight, as he had his own issues to worry about. One skeleton adventurer, wielding a broadsword, approached first, slashing at Kortak, but the orc was fast, cleaving the skeleton in two before it could even move. Kortak tore through the ranks as quickly as he could, but before he could make any real progress, they slowly began to repair themselves, rising from the ground as if nothing had happened. Is this what it’s like to fight me? Ansel wondered to himself. Well, if that’s the case, then we need to go after that guy!
“Kortak! Your new skill!”
[Roar]
A guttural scream tore through the cramped cave, forcing each of the skeletons in the room to turn and face Kortak for a brief moment. Roar had a taunting effect, but it seemed that the Kobold Elites and Makroo himself were able to resist the skill somewhat; however, it gave Orion an opening to strike. The rune on his greatsword began to intensify with a shining golden light, a stark contrast to the dim lighting of the cave around them. Finally, the light died down, and Orion’s weapon was encased in a thin aura of holy light.
“Not quite suitable for an undead,” Ansel muttered, but the effects were immediately noticeable. 
Orion was a whirlwind of death and destruction, slaying two Kobolds with one slash. Their wounds burned with holy magic, and the creature's screams of agony echoed across the cave, sending a shiver up Ansel’s spine. He didn’t waste time, however, running forward with his two undead Kobolds behind him. He reached down, then spoke a command. “Raise Undead.”
The Kobold Elite rose, its body now a decaying husk, with parts of the skeletal structure underneath visible in several spots, and the monster glowed similarly to Ansel’s other summons. The boy winced as he felt a noticeable drop in his mana reserves, turning to see Kortak being overwhelmed by a horde of undead adventurers.
“I’ll deal with them,” Orion suddenly said, dragging the corpse of the final Kobold Elite behind him, smearing blood all along the cave floor. “This boss is hardly a threat. It would bore me to simply capture him. You deal with it.”
Ansel didn’t reply, but was thankful for the skeleton’s help. The boy walked forward, slowly approaching the quivering Kobold Shaman. 
“Impossible! How could such a threat reach me in my own lair?” He wailed, opening one eye as Ansel approached. “Huh, where did that monster go?” 
“Don’t underestimate me,” the boy spat.
“Hmm? I would never, after all,” Makroo’s eyes glimmered. “It is because of you that I have awakened this power!”
“What are you–”
Ansel’s words were cut off by a fireball tearing through the air between him and the Shaman, slamming into the wall to his right and causing an explosion of rock and smoke. He coughed, then turned his head to see the former members of the Twin Flames slowly approaching, the boy wielding a sword wreathed in flames, and the girl with two fireballs coalesced around her closed fists.This tale has been unlawfully lifted without the author's consent. Report any appearances on Amazon.
“Get them, my children!” Makroo yelped, jumping backwards with surprising agility. 
Ansel turned to face the former adventurers, knowing that he would need to get past them in order to proceed. A second fireball ripped past his head, which Ansel just barely managed to dodge thanks to his new Mana Perception passive. I got this, he thought to himself. “Let’s go!” He shouted, sprinting forward with his Kobolds in tow. He recognized the Twin Flames from past adventures, but he didn’t know much about them other than that both had some sort of fire-related class.
It was a dance of slashes, feints, and parries, as Ansel and the two small Kobolds darted in and out, testing the flaming swordsman. The Elite Kobold was locked in combat with the female skeleton, slowly gaining ground as he dipped and weaved around several fireballs.
“Now!” The boy shouted, ducking underneath a slash, feeling the heat of the blade nearly singeing the tips of his hair. At the same time, one of the Kobolds snuck behind the former adventurer, cutting deep into his leg and causing the skeleton’s knee to buckle. They finished him off with a few more strikes, and Ansel felt comfortable sending the small lizard-like creatures to assist their larger companion in defeating the second member of the Twin Flames.
“How could this be?!” Makroo shrieked, cowering in a corner of the cave. It was clear from his labored breath that the toll of maintaining so many summons, who were constantly being beaten down and destroyed by Kortak and Orion, was far too great. 
Finally, the Shaman’s mana supply ran dry, and the undead slowly stopped regenerating. On the other side of the cavern, Ansel observed his other two summons finishing off the battle.
“Is that all you’ve got?” Orion taunted, activating Guard Breaker and dropping into a low stance. The final three skeletons charged forward, but were repelled by a series of three lightning-fast strikes, one for each attack that Orion’s skill had deflected. The former adventurers crumpled to the floor as the warrior grunted disappointingly, sheathing his blade and surveying the battlefield for any would-be attackers. 
Ansel turned his attention back on Makroo, stepping forward menacingly. “You, how did you use Raise Undead?”
The Shaman quivered, then raised his staff. “I’ll never tell!”
[Chaos Blast]
A mass of purple energy tore through the air, but the Kobold’s mana reserves were running empty, and the attack dissipated before even reaching its target.
Orion strode forward, lifting the Kobold by the scruff of his neck. “Once you tell us, I assure you, your death will be painless,” he paused. “More or less.”
“Ok, Ok!” The Kobold yelped, folding in on himself in defeat. “It was the debuff! It gave me access to one of your skills, that’s it, I swear!”
“And how do you have the bodies of the Twin Flames?” Ansel asked, knowing that when they were still alive, the pair were a formidable duo. It was unlikely that they would’ve suffered defeat at the hands of the quivering Shaman before them. “How do you even have this many bodies in the first place? Is it even possible for someone to get into an instanced dungeon and fail without it opening and letting you creatures out into the real world?”
“Ah, well, you see…” 
Then, the Kobold’s eyes rolled back into his head, his body beginning to convulse as if possessed by an unholy spirit.
“Orion! What are you doing?” 
“Nothing.” He dropped the monster’s body to the floor, where he continued to seize for a moment longer before eventually going still. “He died on his own.” 
“What?! How is that–”
[Dungeon cleared, determining rewards.]

[System Message]
<<C-Rank instanced dungeon: Labyrinth of the Kobolds>>
Leaderboard:

Ansel - 1st

Info: Dungeon has been cleared, and rewards will be distributed. No new monsters will spawn, and the instance will close soon.

“I don’t get a cut of these rewards either?” Orion grumbled.
“Nevermind that, what the hell happened to the Kobold? I wasn't done asking him questions!”
Orion stooped down, rolling Makroo onto his back and inspecting his body. “He suffered no wounds, and I definitely didn’t kill him,” the skeleton contemplated. “That is, assuming he didn’t keel over from fear.”
“Then what?” But even as Ansel asked, his eyes drifted to a small item in the monster’s left hand. “What’s that?”
Orion glanced at the item, a small, black stone, similar to the one that Fletcher had used.
The one that had summoned a terrifying demon.
“Is that… another?”
“Hmph,” Orion grunted, grabbing the stone hurriedly. Then, his tone dropped dangerously low. “It’s already been activated.”
“Then, did Makroo summon his own demon as well? How could anyone even get in here? Where did he get something like that?”
“You speak as if I have the answers, boy,” Orion grumbled with annoyance. Ansel watched the skeleton scan the room for a moment longer, but there was no sign of that terrifying demon known as Igren, or any others, for that matter.
“Perhaps we should tell Eldrin…”
“Perhaps,” Orion grunted, his tone unreadable. “We must leave soon. If you were planning to resurrect this sorry creature, I suggest you do so now.”
“Alright,” Ansel stepped forward, raising a palm, steadying his breath as he prepared to use his skill. 
“Raise Undead.”

--- Chapter 23: A Promise ---

[New Item!]
<<Kobolds Ring>>
Epic Item
Info: An item with mysterious effects, capable of granting you three random buffs!
Effects: 

When in combat, randomly apply one of the following buff effects (30-minute cooldown)


Tier 2 mana regeneration for 5 minutes


Tier 2 regeneration for 5 minutes


Tier 2 luck for 5 minutes


“Seems handy!” Ansel said aloud, quickly equipping the small, green ring to his left finger. 
“Take this too,” Orion grumbled, tossing a small amulet through the air, which Ansel just barely managed to catch. “I need to give you something for some quest.”
“Hmm…? Where’d you get this?”
“From the dungeon. Don’t think too deeply about it. That thing’s worthless anyway.”

[Item Info]
<<Ruby Amulet>>
Rare Item
Info: A trinket built with the hearts of the people in mind!
Effect:

On kill, inspire your allies with a temporary speed buff for 5 seconds (10-second cooldown)


“It could be worse,” Ansel shrugged. “Thanks!” 
“Don’t mention it,” Orion replied sarcastically.
The pair was returning to Avon, taking a tally of their various rewards and items they had received for their efforts. Ansel received just enough Exp from the dungeon itself to reach level seven, while Orion was still level five. Of course, once they turned in the C-Rank quest and received their reward, things would only get better.
“Two skill tokens from this? You should give them to me, boy,” Orion said, reading the details of the quest.
“A deal’s a deal!” Ansel replied, eliciting an affirmative nod from the orc champion, who grinned proudly.

[System Message]
<<Guild Quest Completed: Labyrinth of the Kobolds (C-Rank)>>
Quest Accepted By: Asharin 
Info: The Kobolds Labyrinth has grown, and the dangers lurking within have become too much to ignore. Enter their domain and slay the one pulling the strings. 
Objective: 

Defeat the Ruler of the Labyrinth (Completed)


Optional Objective: Kill more than 15 total Kobolds (18/15) (Completed)

Reward:

+2 Skill Tokens (Bonus Reward!)


2000 Exp (Guild Tax 40%)


 1000 Crystal Cores (Guild Tax 40%)


I’m gonna have a lot of new toys to play with.
Ansel continued to travel along with a wide smile on his face, while Orion sulked in disappointment.
“To think that I would lose in a game of Sword, Arrow, Shield…”


[System Message] 
<<Congratulations! You have reached level 8!>>
Rewards:

Skill token +1


Crystal Cores +15

Reach Level 10 unlock tier 4 skills!
<<Congratulations! You have reached level 9!>>
Rewards:

Skill token +1


Crystal Cores +15 

Reach Level 10 unlock tier 4 skills!

Only a level away from unlocking tier 4 skills…And what should I do with all these skill tokens?
“You need to reach level ten as quickly as possible, boy.”
“Are tier four skills really that special?” Ansel asked, observing the hulking skeleton with curious eyes.Stolen content alert: this content belongs on Royal Road. Report any occurrences.
“No. My skills are simply locked behind your pathetically slow progression.”
Ansel chuckled at the thought. “Maybe I ought to teach you a lesson and stay low level for a while, huh?”
“As if you could stomach your lowly existence for longer than you already have,” Orion paused, as if coming to some revelation. “I take it back. You’ve been weak for long enough that it’s become intolerable. If I were in your shoes, I would’ve perished long ago from the embarrassment.”
“Sure, sure,” Ansel grinned, watching as the massive skeleton showcased only a flash of emotion in his flickering blue eyes. “Well, what should we do next? Should we tell Eldrin about the stone we found?”
“I asked that receptionist woman–”
“Anita,” Ansel cut in.
“Anita,” Orion groaned. “Of the whereabouts of the guildmaster, but he’s off on some business in another town at the moment.”
“Hmm… one of the inspectors, then? At least one of them should be around here. And if we find Inspector Ao, we should let him know what happened to the Twin Flames…”
“So that he may accuse us of murder again? Hmph,” Orion scoffed. “Let us see if the guildsmith can make sense of this artifact.”
“Oh, you like him, don’t you?” Ansel teased.
“If only because he hates you as much as I.”

“This… a demon comes outta this hunk o’ stone?” Hadr questioned, eyeing the black rock with his specialized monocle.
“This creature,” Orion gestured at the Kobold shaman, who now cluelessly wandered the guildsmith’s workshop. A violent crash resounded through the store as he collided into a shelf, much to Kortak’s disapproval. “Held it in his grasp before he succumbed to… something.”
“Interesting,” Hadr contemplated, twisting around in his seat, finally spotting the mess that Makroo had made. “Oi! Brat! Keep yer monsters in check, or you can stand outside in the rain for all I care!”
“Sorry!” Ansel shouted, his face turning red. He scampered off to scold his unruly summons. 
“Anyways,” the guildsmith grumbled. “As I said, I don’t have the tools to do much with this, but if you give me some time, I’ll see what I can do.”
“Thank you,” Orion replied earnestly, learning to enjoy the grumpy man’s bluntness. “I have another question for you, guildsmith.”
“Hmm…?” Hadr responded, enamored with the black stone in his hands. 
“That man, Eldrin, I am curious of his past.”
“That guy?” Hadr began. “He’s been in this town longer than me, and I moved here as a wee lil’ boy,” he lowered a hand, signaling his previous height, which wasn’t much shorter than he stood now. “They say he’s some hero, killed a powerful monster in some dungeon or something like that a long time ago, which got him attention with the Six.”
“Oh?” 
“Mmhm, but something went wrong during his rank-up test, and there’s been a chip on his shoulder ever since.”
“And his interest in demons?” Orion probed. But Hadr only shrugged.
“Beats me.”
“I see,” the skeleton sighed. “I will inform you of any further trinkets that may require your expertise, guildsmith.”
“I’ll let ya’ know if I need help with anything too high for me to reach,” Hadr replied with a toothy grin. 
Orion turned, watching as Kortak gave some sort of talk to the various undead, who now sat cross-legged on the floor, eagerly listening to the orc champion. Ansel nodded along, despite the fact that Kortak could only communicate with motions and grunts. There was a sliver of hope that the resurrected Makroo would be able to speak, giving up the secrets that perished along with his mortal life, but alas, the creature was equally as dull as the rest of them.
“Boy, we must take our leave now.”
“Right, mother has prepared supper!” The boy shouted, eliciting cries of excitement from the assorted undead.
“We have no time for–”

“Thank you, Mrs. Lorrin.” 
“Oh, you’re quite welcome, Galahad. How could I pass up the opportunity to feed the one and only adventurer who manages to tolerate my son?”
“Mother…” Ansel complained, his mouth filled to the brim with steaming meat. 
“Quiet, and don’t speak with your mouth open in front of our guests!”
Makroo, the Kobold Elite, and the two smaller Kobolds sat on one end of the cramped home, digging into their food with excitement. Kortak kneeled on the floor, his broken chair splintered into pieces below him. 
At least I have the grace to sit like a civilized human being. Orion grumbled to himself. The pair of archers sat at the table with impeccable manners, daintily wiping at their mouths between bites. Maybe they should all learn to be more like these two.
“Do these creatures even benefit from food?” Orion said, pretending to shovel another bite into his mouth, which passed seamlessly through his skeletal frame. Each time, he had to keep track of Ansel’s mother, ensuring that she didn’t catch him lifting his helmet and revealing his bony composition. I’ll have to thoroughly clean my armor later, Orion complained mentally, but he didn’t dare disrespect Mrs. Lorrin in her own home. After all, he was raised with better manners than that.
“Are you sure you want to keep all that heavy armor on you?” She questioned, to which Ansel replied, his mouth still full of food.
“Oh, he’s shy, mother. It’s a sensitive topic.”
Orion narrowed his flaming eyes, causing the boy’s mother to flip her gaze back and forth between the two, trying to interpret the situation. At last, she sighed, slumping back in her chair, her plate empty.
She eats fast.
“I’m so proud of you, Ansel,” she said, locking eyes with her son. “Your father would’ve been proud.”
“His father,” Orion interjected. “What kind of man was he?” 
Ansel seemed slightly startled. “Why do you ask?” 
“Hush, child. Can’t you see it’s because he cares about you?” 
“I… ah, yes,” Orion reluctantly agreed. I was only curious about what scoundrel of a man could’ve birthed such a pathetic brat.
“Well, Ashander always wanted to be an adventurer, ever since we were kids,” she began. “And when he finally received his class, the guy wouldn’t ever shut up about being a hero and going off to save the world.”
“Sounds familiar,” Orion commented, drawing a scowl from the boy sitting across from him.
“Of course, Ashander tried his hardest. Every day and every night, he would go out and try to prove himself, like there was something, or maybe someone, that was watching, waiting to give him the opportunity if he just struck at the right moment.” Ansel’s mother paused, her throat tight. “But it all changed when our little boy came into our world. There was nothing, no goal, no adventure, and no quest that could possibly be more important than this little pipsqueak right here.” She smiled fondly, a single tear rolling down her cheek.
“I apologize for my intrusion,” Orion said honestly. “I am deeply sorry for your loss.”
“Don’t be sorry, Galahad.” Ansel’s mother spoke with confidence, meeting the skeleton’s burning eyes. “But that boy, he’s important to me, and he’s a fool.”
“Hey!” Ansel yelped.
But his mother didn’t waver. “Please, don’t let him end up like his father.”
“Hmm,” Orion grunted, not truly knowing how he got himself into this mess. “I… I promise.”
“Thank you, Galahad, truly,” Mrs. Lorrin stood, slowly beginning to turn away, then added one final remark. “You are the kind of man that Ashander always strived to become.”

--- Chapter 24: Test of Progress ---

“What does she know about you?” Ansel grumbled. “You're no hero. My father was nothing like you!”
“Do not disrespect your mother, boy,” Orion scolded, his tone filled with contempt. “It is not her fault that she simply perceives the world with wiser eyes.”
“Yeah, sure… whatever. What are we doing next?” Ansel glanced around, noting that the skeleton was leading him to the adventurers guild, but he wasn’t sure for what purpose. 
“Have you not heard?” Orion asked humorously. 
“Huh, what?”
“Eldrin has called for a meeting of Gold and above-ranked adventurers. I presume you received no such message due to your lowly status.”
“That’s not fair,” Ansel pouted. “And you can’t just go off doing stuff on your own!”
“I wouldn’t. I asked Eldrin if I could drag you along as well.”
“Oh,” the boy replied simply, baffled. “Why… why would you do that?”
“Hmph,” Orion grunted. “Sleep, boy. The meeting is tomorrow.”

They made their way up the stairs and into the meeting room, where Eldrin, Inspector Ao, Orion, and Ansel had once deliberated over the demon known as Igren. Upon entering, there were roughly fifteen people gathered in the rather cramped space, but Ansel’s eyes immediately jumped to Thane, Malik, and Luna, who all occupied one corner. Guess they’ve all reached gold rank, huh?
“Who let this child in?” Inspector Ao muttered, staring intently at Ansel, then shifting his scowl onto Orion. The man was standing next to a pair of important-looking people, who Ansel knew to be Valerie and Caden, the other two Inspectors of the Avon adventurer guild. Inspector Valerie had on an elegant icy blue coat, with white fur lining the hood and trim, as well as boots that seemed like two precisely carved glaciers hugging up to her knees. Caden wore a feathered fedora and a weathered long coat, drifting against the ground where he sat with his legs propped up on a stool. His brown boots shone, with bands of metal lacing the leather along the top and bottom. His head tilted down, so much so that his face was almost entirely obscured, and it appeared as if he had dozed off. 
“The guildmaster honored my request to let the brat join me. You may take up any issues with him,” Orion responded, unbothered. 
Ao scoffed, but didn’t reply.
Slow, methodical, and heavy footsteps could be heard climbing the stairs. The kind of steps that someone who had no reason to rush or hurry would take. Those gathered were hushed into a respectful silence as the man entered. 
“Welcome, everyone, on such short notice as well,” Eldrin greeted, drawing nods of acknowledgement. “I have gathered you all here to discuss something rather… well, it’s better if I just show you.”
The man casually strode to the far end of the table before laying a small, black stone down with a heavy thump.
Somehow, the silence within the room grew even more intense. 
“Didn’t you give that to Hadr?” Ansel whispered out of the corner of his mouth, to which Orion answered with a small nod. 
“One of our adventuring parties, the ones known as Asharin,” Eldrin gestured over at the pair, causing the boy to redden in embarrassment. “Recovered this from an instanced dungeon. Now, this may be a surprise to some of you, but this is actually the third sighting of such an object.”
Murmured gasps spread through the room. One confused adventurer blurted out. “What is that thing? You expect everyone here to know?”
“Right, my apologies. I forget that not everyone is quite as interested in something like this as I am,” Eldrin began. “This is a demon summoning stone, capable of sacrificing a certain number of lives in order to bring one of those cursed hellspawn into the mortal realm.”
There was a thunderous silence before the shockwave finally landed. 
“Demon?!”
“Impossible!”
“What does this mean? Should we alert one of the Six–”Love this story? Find the genuine version on the author's preferred platform and support their work!
“Silence!” Inspector Ao roared. In an instant, the room quieted, but the air was filled with apprehension all the same. 
Eldrin smiled, but his face showed ever so slight signs of worry. “Fear not, while this threat is major, I know that we are strong. I know that you are strong,” the guildmaster’s eyes swept the room, but Ansel could’ve sworn they lingered on his for a moment longer than expected. “Inspector Valerie located the second stone on her adventure into an A-Rank zone dungeon just to the east of Avon, while the first…”
“It’s connected to Fletcher and the rest of ‘em, ain’t it?” Another adventurer interjected. “They wouldn’t just go down without a fight.”
“Correct. And the disappearance of the Twin Flames may be related as well,” Eldrin added, but Ansel was unsure of how he knew about that.
“Did you tell him about what we saw in the Labryinth?”
“Is it not obvious?” Orion responded impatiently.
“Now, you may be wondering what the true purpose of this meeting is,” Eldrin began, and it felt as if the breath of every single adventurer caught at that very moment. “There is something amiss in these times. Something is changing that not even my Inspectors and I can handle alone,” he admitted. “So, I call upon you. If you encounter these demon stones, bring them to me,” Eldrin warned. “And, if you see one of them being used, do not be so foolish as to engage.”
His eyes glimmered with warning before he spoke again. “Run.”

Orion watched as the young boy fought, sparring with his Orc summon. Kortak was fast, and it seemed that the boy’s first true summon was growing into some sort of warrior. Still, far too weak to handle something like Igren.
“Sloppy, Ansel. You’re reacting rather than predicting. If you cannot read your opponent, your own physical capabilities will limit you.”
They were training in the fields just outside of Ansel’s home, where Orion was observing the boy and his various undead partaking in sparring practice. Makroo fought the two orc archers, who nimbly darted around the field, dodging barrages of purple Chaos Blasts, while Makroo batted away swarms of arrows with his now blackened, wooden staff. The Kobold Elite and the pair of smaller Kobolds sparred as well, and surprisingly, the much smaller scaly creatures seemed to have the advantage, utilizing their agility and size to avoid the much larger monster’s attacks. 
Perhaps the boy will be ready soon… Well, no better judge than myself, after all.
“You two,” Orion spoke, drawing his greatsword and striding towards Ansel and Kortak, who paused their fighting for a brief moment. “You will train with me.”
“You mean, we’re gonna fight you? I know that whatever magic was stopping you from hurting me doesn’t seem to work on these guys, but you still haven’t been able to– Ouch!”
Orion smiled under his helmet, satisfied. “I’ve figured it out. As long as I do not intend to kill you, the magic will not halt my strikes. I assume that your other undead do not suffer from this because, for whatever reason, they have reservations regarding harming their master.” Orion reasoned, spitting out the last word with contempt. 
“So those times when you tried to hit me, you really were gonna kill me?!” Ansel shouted in fear.
But Orion did not entertain his worries. He activated the first and only activated rune of his greatsword, Radiance. Encasing his weapon in a holy, golden light, a sharp contrast to the decrepit and undead appearance that the skeleton now had.
“Fine,” Ansel grunted, his face twisting into determination. Kortak turned as well, brandishing his massive axe and charging forward, attempting to activate the Roar skill, letting loose a thundering, guttural scream. 
“Something like that will have no effect on me,” Orion laughed, parrying a blow from the orc champion with ease. 
[Guard Breaker]
Orion dropped low as Kortak swung again, and in an instant, the monster was thrown back by a near-instantaneous counterattack. You just wait until I reach the requisite tier to make this skill truly worthy of my name, Orion thought to himself with pride.
“Kortak!” Ansel shouted, attempting to help the much larger being back onto his feet. 
“Oh, he survived the attack? How impressive,” Orion mocked. 
Ansel darted forward with surprising speed, although it was obvious the boy was still unsuited for hand-to-hand combat. His movements lacked refinement; each blow glancing off of Orion’s armor with minimal effort from the skeleton. He swung his massive greatsword at a fraction of his maximum speed, yet the blade still managed to nick the shoulder of the frail boy before him, singeing his flesh with holy light. 
However, there was one thing that had changed about the boy.
“You fight without fear,” Orion noted, swiftly side-stepping two more attacks, then blocking one with his weapon. “Your technique could be improved, but your mind has sharpened somewhat, child.”
“I’m not a child!” Ansel roared back, now fighting in tandem with Kortak, who had made a full recovery. While their effort was valiant, it was too little all the same, with Orion only having to increase his own speed by a small percentage to keep up with the two combatants. 
Finally, Orion had enough, batting away Ansel with a backhand and casually sweeping Kortak’s legs from under him.
By all accounts, it was a complete and total victory, yet Orion still felt a sense of satisfaction. 
“You are ready... enough.”
“For…?” Ansel panted, lying on the floor, writhing in pain. 
“It is time to revisit this one’s home,” Orion proclaimed, pointing his sword at Kortak’s stupid, grotesque face.